The crickets chirped and the air was breezy though comfortable. Overlooking the calm flow of the Mother's Sorrow, the ruler gazed upon the thousands of lights that lit up Kheterata, the great pyramids in the distance, and barges with Khet floating peacefully on the river. It was an otherwise unassuming evening when all of a sudden a vase crashed to the ground in the bedchamber of the monarch. Curious, the ruler inspected what happened and saw that the vase, broken in a dozen pieces, could not have been blown over or knocked down by an animal, only a human. Alarmed, the monarch looked for their sword, yet it was gone. The ruler spied a glint of metal out of the corner of their eye. What followed was an attempt of dodging, a sharp and sudden sensation of pain. Still alive. Claws and desperation and teeth and fury, the aggressor under the monarch. A thought, before collapsing on the floor. Ahati. When the great Steward was found by a maid, panic ensued within the palace. The best doctors from all around the Sorrow were ordered to the palace. The head of the Royal Guard, after inspecting the assassin's mauled corpse, confirmed the monarch's intuition. he was carrying a Dragonsdagger. And while knives in the shape of animals are not uncommon in the Salahad, there is only one group who carries Dragonsdaggers. the Ahati brotherhoods. But why would they do this, and more pressing, why would they use their own blades when this would almost certainly expose them? These questions would soon be answered as reports of a great ruckus in the markets reached the palace. There an Ahati officer stood, flanked by guards, ranting about the misconduct of the wounded steward. The warriorpriest claimed that the monarch and the ruling dynasty in general did not have the mandate to be Stewards of the Sorrow any longer. They called for a new Steward to rise to the throne of Kheterata, and for the ruling dynasty to vacate these lands immediately. Reports from other cities tell us of similar occurrences. Aakhetist priests or Ahati officers openly denouncing the monarch in the streets. They claim that the Khet have withdrawn their support and that the realm is headed towards catastrophe. They turn the gullible fearful, and few dare to speak against the Ahati's claim, fearing for their own lives.
