The initial insubordination of the Ahati, by assassinating our late ruler, was thought to be the spark that would light the powder keg, yet it actually remained quiet for a while. The Ahati officers stopped their incessant ranting after a few days and their soldiers seemed to remain at their posts. And as the funeral of the late steward remained peaceful, confusion hit the population. What are the Ahati up to? Are they going to actually attempt to kill the subsequently enthroned ruler as well, or are they content with them? Nobody knew, and the government did not dare to ask the Ahati leadership, fearing that this may push them to action. All was quiet, and in hindsight we should have seen it for what it was. a calm before the storm. It started in the more far away outposts of the realm; Ahati soldiers and officers all of a sudden, and in many cases in the darkness of the night, marched into local government offices, forts, and other locations where they had already built up their influence. They seemed to have planned for this as these takeovers went without barely any incident. Now the Ahati have started to take control over a myriad of both military and economic centers. They say that they no longer acknowledge our state as the stewards of the realm and therefore are no longer required to remain in our forts and encampments. While some officers have made it clear to the Ahati that they see this as desertion, they refrain from further action as they are aware that taking disciplinary actions could end in open conflict. The Ahati seem to vacate each and all post that is under our command and leave not even a breadcrumb behind. The people are confused and not even the families of the Ahati know what is going on, or so they claim at least. We wonder and above all fear what may come, and so does the entirety of the government. The general staff now fears that a civil war is upon us, and that this may well tear our country apart through violence and destruction. Some say that we should attempt to open diplomatic talks with the Ahati, while others denounce this and say that we have pampered the Ahati for too long already and that we must prepare to teach these traitors a lesson and show them that they are nothing but spoiled and arrogant fauxnobility. And while our staff bickers and fights over what our next course of actions should be, our ruler seems to remain quiet, paralyzed by the thought of internal collapse. A revolt of those we thought to be loyal to the steward is approaching and it may well change the realm beyond recognition. We cannot know for sure when the first blow will come, only that it will come sooner than later. And for now there may not be much we can do, other than praying to the Khet, gathering our forces and hoping that the commoners will see that we are still the true Stewards of the Khet and the Sorrow.
