Thousands upon thousands of lizardfolk had arrived on Cheneskad. They said it would be a party that would be spoken about for generations. Entire new businesses had arisen overnight on the once sparsely populated island. New traders arrived, with the original landowners selling their humble farms for huge profits as rich merchants wanted to use the island for rare spice plantations, the soil on the island being uniquely suited to it. On the other side of the island, far away from the growing city and the reveling, stood a small delegation. the ruler, their guards and advisors, and Akhaxpa. Opposite them in shallow water was a group of merfolk. The locals knew enough about the village that they could identify that this was the royal family. No guards, no advisors. Just the king, queen, and their younger daughter. The King raised his body as best he could in the shallow water and spoke in a heavily accented and halting lizardfolk language. “Thank you for help. We are thanking.” He hoisted his body higher using his staff as leverage. At its tip lay what appeared to be a gem of pure Dames tear. “We not need help again. We are…” he turned and looked awkwardly at his family. The Queen and King started speaking in hushed voices in their merfolk tongue, getting gradually angrier, before suddenly the younger daughter interrupted and pointed at Akhaxpa. “That thing told you. It knew.” Gasps erupted on both sides, with lizardfolk awkwardly shuffling in the shallow water. The King muttered and stumbled forward to grab his daughter, but she pulled herself out of the water entirely where he could not reach. “How did it know?” the monarch knelt down, face to face with the young merfolk. “Because it can see things we cannot see. It can see the future; or a future that will occur if we do not change it.” The young merfolk, seemingly satisfied with the answer, pulled herself back into the water and swam back to her furious looking parents. With one last look at the lizardfolk delegation, she waved back at them, before she disappeared below the surface of the water once again.
