It has been several months since the official surrender of Khao Elnak and, after many requests, the Lady Mya Saetae has finally deigned to grace the Citadel of Dawn and Hiderion’s court with her presence. The elven lord receives her in his gardens. All is quiet, barring the soft stride of Mya as she approaches Hiderion, his eyes shut, clearly in deep meditation. For a moment her thoughts go to the dagger concealed against her thigh. One dishonourable slash and her people might be free. The thought dissipates into the perfume of the flowers as the elf opens his eyes. Hiderion Tonanzuir stands from his spot on the grass and gives a deep bow. "Lady Saetae, you honour me with your radiance." "Lord Tonanzuir, the warmth of your... did we not have enough of this formality at the negotiations? Why am I here, Hiderion?" The elf does not reply, the slight smile ever present on his lips broadening. "Won’t you walk with me, Lady Saetae? The gardens are one of my few distractions." Mya falls into step beside the lord as he leads her through one of the garden’s many paths. The blossoms bleed their deep redolence across the path. "People have called me a conqueror, they tell me the violent blood of Jaher flows in my veins. But you must understand war is not something I cherish." "I do not think that the men and women whose blood watered the ground that your war might grow care much about whether you delight in their bloodshed or not." The words fall from her mouth with the desired impact as Hiderion’s eyes grow sorrowful. "I go to war so that their children, and all their descendants, might one day live without fear. The world is a harsh place, and we are so locked in its cycles of brutality that we forget to dream of a brighter future." "It is a harsh place, my Lord and it is..." She gestures vaguely at the elf. "People like you who make it that way. You brought pain to my lands and now do me the indignity of speaking of the greater good?" Hiderion stops in his tracks, and for a moment Mya thinks she has gone too far. Instead of shouting, he sighs. "The lives of men have been given for much less. I do not compel those who fight for me to do so. They are willing in their enduring sacrifice. War will come to us, across the continent a hundred rulers far worse than I stir to the clarion of conquest. All I want, all I have ever wanted is to still that call and bring the people of this continent together. I dare to dream that one day we might have an eternal peace, the bounties of which all may share, equal under the light of dawn." The words resonate within Mya, and she finds herself unable to muster a retort. "I... I will think on this." Hiderion smiles that odd, beneficent smile. "Perhaps you will join me for another walk tomorrow? I have many dreams, my Lady."
