The imperial flotilla, decked out with a pomp and verve expected for the monarch, has plied its way up the Yanhe to tour the great libraries of North Rahen. The monarch has recently become something of a bookworm, and is eager to see the innumerable rolls of books, scrolls, manuscripts of all sorts, many dating back far before the foundations of Bianfang were rooted in the earth. A very recent addition to each library the monarch visited, however, was an official chapter house administered by the Office of Integration. In them, scores of budding bureaucrats skilled in Raheni scripts and tongues spend their hours meticulously translating the texts into Yan, to be dispatched to the imperial presses in the capital for printing and distribution to the literati, with appropriate censorship, of course. One such text, a treatise on rulership written over five centuries ago, had piqued the monarch’s interest in the first place. On their leisurely parade back to the pleasure boats, the monarch’s entourage is followed by joyous youths, throwing multicolored flower petals at the ruler’s feet. They shout words of praise and adulation in fluent Yan, with a novel lilt and trill, sprinkled with unfamiliar words. The District Chancellor informs the monarch that these youths are the children of Yansheni newcomers and Raheni commoners, who were liberated from the so called lower castes by right of intermarriage, and are now free to enjoy the prosperous life of corvee labor and military service of a citizen. Their dialect is called Luoxian, the Chancellor says, and is spoken by the realm’s Raheni subjects of all stations, from cowherds to scholars of High Philosophy. Indeed, he is proven to be right several months later when the monarch sits in on a meeting of the Cinnabar Lotus Society in Endhuvi, and finds the dialect serving as a common vernacular for the scholars hailing from all corners. The monarch is pleased to find a contingent of Ascendant Soul scholars from Tianlou outargue a group from the School of the Starry Eye, both sides engaging in Luoxian. Two months later, luxuriating in the Ruby Gardens of Parusad Bhola, surrounded by the Raheni elite clad in silk from the Yanhe, the ruler’s ears are again graced by this new dialect, as vibrant and bright as the land from which it came.
