It has been a long road of hard study and incremental progress to get to this point, but we stand on the precipice of truly unveiling the secrets of the Deepwoods and its mysterious Verdant Veil. In particular, studies of the strange, magicwielding flora and fauna of the Deepwoods, along with careful dissection of its more intelligent inhabitants, have revealed a peculiar fact. almost all of these creatures exhibit telltale signs of fey influence. The existence of the Fey has been known for some time, but all the clues and evidence of history point to a certain set of patterns we find repeated in the organisms before us. The Deepwoods seems to exist in suspension, tied forcefully to our Prime Material, and the eternal tug of the Prime Discordance slowly but surely bringing it to its natural place within the Feyrealm, as though it were a spider's web delicately spun between two trees. But in the grand scheme of things, it is temporary. This produces the bizarre timeshifting effect noticed in the Deepwoods, as while it is spatially contiguous with our world, its physics, and therefore passage of time, derive from the Feyrealm; no doubt confirming such strange occurrences like travelers spending days in the Deepwoods but emerging years later. In other words, the Deepwoods is almost like an outpost of the Fey in our world, or perhaps it is like a human living in a house fit for halflings. converted to accommodate something not wholly here. the fey's alien minds and their natural capacity for magic, which is reflected in the creatures of the Deepwoods themselves. The technique is fascinating, as it reveals to us the possibility of creating spaces linked to our world but which obey alien laws, and the possibilities of manipulating the very laws of nature reveals how contingent and fragile our own world truly is. With this information in hand, progress on unsolvable problems should now be possible if one abandons attachments to our world and tries to solve them using novel geometries and other alternative assumptions.
