The ascendancy of the Black domain was one of the most transformational events in world history. For the first time, vast territories representing great wealth were under one banner, economically and socially united. The vestiges of the old order would take many years to die, but in the end they would be reduced to nothing more than quaint local stories and the customs of backwards villages. In its place, a new order focused on personal intuition, mysticism, and magical supremacy would sweep across the domain's territory. The Skull Throne, having maintained its supreme authority through the use of vast magical resources, was able to control and direct society in unprecedented ways. For perhaps the first time, the very social and cultural fabric of mortal lives was in the hands of a government, which was able to mobilize and redirect their creatures as best seen fit. Dissent was harshly punished, and many heinous acts were committed both by the government and by members of the mage class. Nevertheless, the hard evidence makes it impossible to deny that the domain also brought considerable peace and prosperity, finally fulfilling in their own way what Anbennar once called the Mages' Peace. Regions once torn asunder by constant warfare were given over to the Black Peace, allowing their populations to grow, literacy to rise, and the conversion of many from unskilled labor to skilled artisanship. Natural disasters were controlled or fought against by the state's vast stores of magical resources, saving countless lives. Perhaps one of the most profound changes engendered by the domain was the true equity among magical classes that emerged, and the highly efficient pipeline for those with magical potential to become initiates. It is estimated that, prior to the domain, only a third of those with the potential to learn magic would end up using it at all, and fewer still would become true mages. These numbers rose dramatically under the rulership of the Acolytes, with nearly eighty percent of those with potential becoming full mages, and almost all gaining the capacity to wield minor magics. Of course, this only heightened the discrimination and disdain the mundanes faced, with their oppression seemingly justified by the fact that mages were rising from every region and every stratum of society. In the long run, the domain would represent a dramatic slowdown in the development of nonmagical technology, as well as in artifice. While regions outside the sway of the Skull Throne would foster new technical and scientific developments, the domain remained set in their mystical ways. Nevertheless, the drive to solve many of these same problems with the power of magic alone drove the fastest expansion in magical abilities in history, including a unified theory of magical metaphysics that mapped out the boundaries of what magic was, what it was capable of, and how it functioned with unprecedented precision.
