It was a big day for the Seven Stones architectural firm, and for House Alsegard in particular. The Alsegards were a mostly mundane family who had retained some degree of wealth and prominence in the time since the Ascension, and still had a moderate amount of property thanks to a few magical family members. Nevertheless, their status had declined considerably—until now. Karos the Enchanter, one of the domain's most influential initiates, had sought partners for a venture that would use physical enchantments to create architecture that would be impossible without the aid of magic. The discovery of the selfsustaining enchantment had theoretically made such buildings possible some time ago, but there were never enough mages concentrated in one place where such a frivolous display of power would be of much use. Now, however, in this place, in this new Castanor, impossible sketches from a mundane architect's daydreams could be made reality. That architect, the heir of House Alsegard, stood across the street from newly finished palatial apartments near the center of the city, soaking in the glory of his creation on its first night open to the public. Tall, arching designs of stone shot upward to the sky. Glass globes seated in the eyes of statues emitted a gentle red glow, giving the appearance of watchful servitors guarding the property. A wrought iron gate swung open on its own as gawking visitors approached. As the moon rose to a more prominent position in the sky, broad, magical mirrors magnified its light on the building's central triumph. a slowly rotating tower jutting out from the roof, whose stained glass windows reflected the impossible glow of the moon mirrors out to the awed crowd below. The building would be open to the public for two weeks, and then it would be sold to the highest bidder. It was only the first of many planned projects, and perhaps the least ambitious. Yes, it was a big day for the firm, but it was a bigger day for Castanor. This was only to be the beginning of a glorious transformation that would see the city as a whole turned into a monument to the impossible.
