When the Aldresian Crusade rose up to challenge the last great sorcerous realm, one of Nichmer's lieutenants, Ettalinde the Wicked, was able to seduce some of those terribly righteous soldiers who came to defend the old order. She brought them in with promises that she could give them something even greater than the long lives of the elves. They were given over to a state that would come to be known as vampirism. immortality, contingent on living shrouded in secret and drinking blood like a beast. Her poisoned gift was a noble act, a permanent scar upon the edifice of the demiurges. The vampires would develop traditions, rituals, a whole society; all the while corrupting the systems that hold up this false world. They were Nichmer's true last gift to this world, a beautiful cancer, forever reminding the liars that their time would come again. Nevertheless, we have not come to scar the old order, but to tear it apart entirely. They will need to give up all that they have been, just as every one of our conquered peoples is made to give up what they have been. Unlike those conquered peoples, however, a vampire who cannot accept our order is a potential threat. We resolved to send a message. And so we began the tedious process of scrying the poor hinterlands of Corvuria for where a vampire's coffin might be secreted away, all the while watching for their schemes and machinations. We traced the lineages from spawn to sire, and, acting as conspicuously as possible, we made sure they would know when we were getting higher up the chain. In becoming part beast, they have allowed themselves to be lured like beasts; when they finally confronted us in the dead of night, we were ready. Our plan lay in enchanted crystals, made through the efforts of brilliant mages completing fantastically intricate workings. These sealed an emanation of suspended daylight, and if their arcane bonds were broken, they would release a searing flash of true light. Ancient vampires withered under repeated exposure to flashes of the cleansing day. We repeated this process a number of times, and while they would eventually catch on, it would be far too late. Only then did we disseminate our offer. if they became flexible, resolved to abandon all their old ways, and pledged their undeath to new masters, they would be spared. Those who refused to kneel before the Acolytes would, sooner or later, be hunted to extinction. And so it was that another proud people became just one more tool for the monarch.
