With a snap of the fingers, the ruler tore apart the throats of each of those dignitaries, opening up torrential fountains of blood to flood the steps and seep down into the crowd below. Those who had assembled to watch cried out in horror and rushed for the door, but found it barred and immovable. "Fear not, subjects mine. I have come to end those things which have been, and replace them with those which will be. You, too, must forget what you have been, and become something more. You must become something greater than that which was, for that which was leads, always, to the end that those before you have met. There is nothing to be found but death, dust, and ash. But immortality can be yours, my precious creatures, as this is my promise to you. each and every one of you will have a sacred purpose, a part to play in this grand project of ours. Each and every one of you, no matter how pathetic or how weak, no matter how poor or how wretched, can contribute, and imprint yourself on the eternal order I shall build. I offer you a chance to join with me, to break apart those things which have kept you alone and confused." The crowd has calmed, and through some combination of fear and genuine persuasion, they begin to shout acclamations to the ruler. The ruler departs, followed by a long line of magical initiates. The doors open, revealing that there was seemingly nothing barring them at all. An illusory set of decrees has been projected on the walls of the buildings outside, the first laws creating the new domain. All old classes and privileges have been abolished. There are now only two groups. people of intuition, which is to say the mage class, and the other mundane creatures, which is to say everyone else. Spelled out, in clear detail, are the attendant rights of each. There is much weeping, then, but in time, an acceptance of affairs will set in. The people of Castonath will come around, and they will see the path that the Ascending Dragon has traveled to forge this out of the chaos. And in that acceptance, they will touch the barest pieces of the Prime Discordance, those little shards of chaos they can handle without shattering their little minds, and it will be the most glorious ecstasy one can be given—true purpose, true service, true victory. It is these things that are now emblazoned in arcane illumination upon the city gates, telling all who enter here what the City of Cities now stands for. that which it should always have stood for.
