It all began innocuously enough, with the arrival of a trading vessel hailing from Brasan at the port of Anbenncóst. But instead of dockhands beginning to unload the cargo, a large ramp was lowered from the deck. What emerged from the vessel's hold was something that even the cosmopolitan cóstine populace could later only describe as the spectacle of a lifetime. Dancers and acrobats, humans and elves and even harpies, clad in the finest diaphanous Bulwari and Raheni silks, streamed onto the docks, followed by musicians playing all manner of exotic instruments. An imposing looking honor guard of gnolls and Harimari tigermen followed, until finally six centaurs, carrying an ornate palanquin, brought up the rear. The procession slowly wound its way through the main thoroughfares of the city towards the Imperial Palace, while coins and precious gifts were freely handed out to the spectators. At the palace gates, proper credentials were presented, and in short order the palanquin and its inner retinue was swiftly escorted to the audience hall. The monarch was engrossed in debate with the great lords and ladies of the Empire. The din filling the hall swiftly subsided with this unexpected arrival, and the nobility of the empire made room for the palanquin to be lowered in front of the imperial throne. As soon as it touched the ground, its silken curtains parted. An imposing halfelf clad in lavish silk robes and a gemstudded turban emerged, bowing deeply before the imperial throne. With a sonorous voice, he addressed the monarch. “I stand before you as a humble servant and emissary of the Herald of Surael, the Divine Herald and Phoenix Emperor Jaddar Jexiszuir, Lord and Master of all the lands of Bulwar, Rahen and beyond. I am here to announce that the Phoenix has risen once again from the ashes to bring Surael’s Light to the world. My Most Exalted Lord is extending the hand of friendship and brotherly love to you and all your noble subjects, who have honored the legacy of his most noble mother by maintaining the divinely ordained Order in these western lands. Let us celebrate this most joyous occasion by entering into a treaty of friendship; let peace and prosperity reign once more between our realms, just as in the golden age of Empress Jexis.”
