At the very tip of the Horn of Sarhal, near Jezarpizu, where the waters of the eastern and western Gulf of Rahen clash, a series of massive rock pillars defy the churning waters. Connected to the mainland and each other only by a network of arched bridges, these pillars host the famed Sanctuary of Surael's Sojourn. This temple, also known as the Liziontanziór, has been built as a testament of the abiding faith in Surael shown by the Naléni harpies of northeastern Sarhal. The northernmost pillar carries only a large plaza used by the cloistered faithful and visiting pilgrims alike to observe the journey of the sun from the first gentle rays of light arising over the eastern waters to its fiery descent into the waves of the western Gulf of Rahen. Here the assembled faithful fast from dawn till dusk, contemplate the nature of Surael, and ponder how they may best serve Him in the Struggle. Seamlessly arising from the other pillars are the main buildings of the sanctuary, also given the name EširMašnasur in Bulwari. Rainwater cisterns and sheltered gardens hidden within the walls of the sanctuary, together with the many fish swarming in the waters below, supply the faithful Daughters of Jasiene cloistered here with all the necessities of life. Some amongst their number even choose to seclude themselves for years on end in spare cells hewn directly into the rock walls of the pillars, accessible only by rope ladder or wings. Across the sanctuary on the mainland, a series of hostelries cater to the needs of the devout pilgrims searching for spiritual enlightenment at this holy site. Liziontanziór’s inhabitants employ their cultural predilection for song and storytelling to craft marvellous tales and hymns, all with the aim of bringing the stories of Surael and His Chosen to the hearts and minds of faithful and unbelievers alike. For many pilgrims, experiencing the dawn chorus rising high in the air to greet the rising sun is one of the most profound experiences in their life.
