The monarch lounged against the jaguar’s curled form, legs crossed and a sheathed Saerasyar lain across the lap. The ruler felt the gentle purr of the sleeping predator ripple through their back, smiled as they grazed a hand over its pitchblack fur. The monarch didn’t have to be very invested in the meeting going on in the Askalyn at Assakadail, where Munazhlan once sheltered their people. The AsSadaun, the great recordkeeper, was the real centrepiece here – he was giving a passionate speech on unity, on the threats that face them, on the unfortunate missteps of those who came before. His words were the monarch’s ideals – and everyone knew what must be done, what needed to happen. At least, that was what they hoped. One of the Adezhegs stepped forwards, interrupted the AsSadaun’s speech. “You speak of unity – I ask, why under Caergaraen? Ruffians, bloodthirsty pirates and rabblerousers, no better than Geladhlan, who caused naught but division, or the fools that incited the Gophiran to attack us not two centuries ago. Who here believes that this,” he said, gesturing to the monarch, “will be any different?” The monarch of Caergaraen smiled. The jaguar awoke, suddenly but silently – when they rose, grabbing Saerasyar by the sheath, so did their mount, stalking towards the dissident chief as they advanced on him. The monarch raised Munazhlan’s blade in front of his face. “Do you know what this is?” The dissident gave a quizzical look. “It… is the sword of Munazhlan.” “What do you think it does?” “It protects the Chendhyan people… our liberty.” “And how do you think it does that?” The dissident hesitated again. “It…well– it–” The monarch ripped the sheath from Saerasyar’s blade. The blade’s leaping flame flared in the chief’s face. The dissident screamed, recoiled from the heat, as the monarch’s jaguar roared, and the monarch raised the blade of Munazhlan high, for all to see. “You ask, ‘why Caergaraen?’ Here’s your answer. when I say I’m going to war, I mean it. The GreenFlamed Sword will never lay idle again.”
