Fire sweeps through the expedition again, incinerating those caught in the center. Though each of Aldorlbûr's attacks are blindingly quick, they also open the fire elemental to counterattack while its fiery body is stabilizing again. It is difficult to ignore the desperate cries of those Aldorlbûr has left badly burned, but there is nothing the expedition's medics can do until the fire elemental is clear. Wary of overextending, both the expedition and Aldorlbûr circle each other, making occasional probing attacks. If physical attacks do any lasting damage to Aldorlbûr, it is unknown, so instead these serve as a distraction for mages to strike. It has been struck with various spells and projectiles by now, but unfortunately very little water. The elemental dances and dodges around even a drop of water, evaporating it or hurling pipes at it rather than meeting it with its body. This fear is easily exploited to create openings, but the unlucky person who sent the water is usually targeted and incinerated by the elemental soon after. After what feels like hours, the fire elemental is finally beginning to show signs of weakness. Its body no longer burns so painfully bright, and its attack range and speed have lowered noticeably. In a stroke of luck, a brave mage blasts a jet of icy water at Aldorlbûr right as it rears up for another attack. Unable to dodge, the water strikes its center mass, and this time it visibly recoils with a horrible shriek. The mage is reduced to ashes soon after, but the damage has been done. Clearly rattled by such a hit, Aldorlbûr is now squarely on the defensive. It no longer initiates attacks, opting instead to slip and weave away from all projectiles, waiting for men to overcommit. Focusing entirely on defense makes the elemental near untouchable; after some time of this with precious few hits, it begins to regain confidence, apparently unaware of the expedition's true plan. Hoping to corral it back towards the cage to seal it back for good by utilizing its newfound wariness, the expedition has been carefully guiding Aldorlbûr with their attacks. With each casual dodge, the fire elemental approaches the cage inch by inch.
