As the expedition travels slowly down the repaired freight elevators, they take in the sights surrounding the huge cauldron of the great forge. Metal rings of flooring similar to the top level surround the cauldron at different heights. Great pipes lead to and from the cauldron and smaller vats, forges, smithing stations, and carved chambers on each floor. These floors are much better preserved and have not been infested by squatters, owing to the difficulty of reaching them. Still, the squatters managed to despoil the lower floors with rotting bodies and trash left lying near the edges of the floors and piled up in the great cauldron, thrown into the central pit with no care for the destination. Soot blankets the floors and walls of each level, crunching underfoot and leaving ugly black stains behind. Below the huge cauldron on the bottom floor lies a fine mesh, still smouldering and belching strange vapours. The great furnace below has not completely extinguished even after millennia of disuse, leaving the whole of the domain swelteringly hot. Some engineers of the expedition shudder, imagining working here when the furnace was still at full blast. Once the repaired elevators touch the bottom floor for the first time, the expedition's scouts dart off to explore the depths of the domain. A ring of engraved steel surrounds the mesh on the bottom floor, though it is difficult to see through the ankle-high piles of dust, bones, soot, and metal scraps that have collected over time. A rough stone tunnel is the only exit in the walls of the bottom floor, in line with the entrance gate far above. The scouts who entered the tunnel return blackened with soot and panting for breath. They descended in a gentle sloping spiral, approaching the smouldering furnace beneath the mesh. Their exploration was halted by magma pouring lazily from cracks above and in the walls, covering the huge steel bridge in front of them. As far as they could tell, the bridge is still intact, but the magma must be cleared to gain access to the furnace. After reviewing the structure and pipeworks of the forge, the engineers of the expedition have determined the magma blocking the bridge should be flowing into the furnace below. Something is blocking the pipes into the furnace and causing an overflow of magma. How the forge is still smouldering without the heat from the magma is unknown, but irrelevant for now. Judging by the inscriptions that remain on each level, the penultimate level is the best bet to clear the magma. Somewhere on that floor are the controls to manage the flow of magma and water used to generate steam into the furnace below. The scouts look to the expedition leader, wondering where to search first.
