Descending the scorched steel staircase into the furnace proper, the stairway opens up into a huge cavern, cramped by thick pipes and ducts which obscure most of the room. Huge vents and fans line the walls and ceiling, mostly melted or blocked by debris. The floor is piled with ash and solidified slag, the consequences of a violent blaze. The expedition spreads out, examining the thick tangles of pipes and squinting to see the cavern ceiling far above where they run. Many of the pipes have been torn apart and now leak small amounts of magma and gouts of water onto the cavern floor. In the distance a web of pipes surrounds a structure resembling a cage, carved with peculiar runes. The door of the cage hangs open and limp, and streaks of ash radiate outwards from it along the floor. Strangely, there doesn't appear to be any signs of a volcanic opening or other geothermal heat source. The roiling magma and boiling steam travelling to other sections of the forge would have provided heat there, but what was keeping the magma molten down here? As the engineers examine the piping, pondering how the great forge worked, a blast of heat scythes through the air. Those nearby stumble back as a great pillar of living flame rends a cluster of piping aside and stalks through the gap heedless of the spewing magma. Immediately, the mystery of the forge, the cage and the blocked gate into the furnace is solved. Before them undoubtedly stands Aldorlbûr, an elder fire elemental once imprisoned to provide the heat for the whole of the domain. The flow of magma must have been cut off to these levels when the last inhabitants fled, weakening the elemental enough to trap it behind the warded barricade. By redirecting the magma down to the furnace and disturbing the elemental they have awoken it from a long hibernation. Aldorlbûr and the expedition members regard each other for a moment. Somehow, it exudes a regal and dignified aura despite its monstrous nature. On closer inspection, the upper half of the fire elemental is vaguely humanoid, though it is difficult to see through the blinding flame. Its head is blank and smooth, yet the whole expedition feels its gaze as it examines them closely. Another uncomfortable moment passes, and then Aldorlbûr rears back and opens its flaming maw. A horrible roaring, crackling sound echoes throughout the furnace, as though a thousand dry twigs have burst aflame. The temperature rises further, blistering skin and cracking lips. As suddenly as it started the roaring stops, and Aldorlbûr's body dissolves into formless flame again as it lunges for the expedition.
