As the veil of physical reality falls away, the mind enters the Dance of Dreams, tugged ever forward into communion with the Aspects of the World. The ocean around you is an icy gray as the waves wash over the long and narrow vessel on which you stand. The hull appears to be made entirely of freshly fallen snow, added to by the constant flurry descending from the slate colored sky, and the design of the ship is like nothing you have ever laid eyes upon before, alien and incomprehensible in the curvature of its masts and decks. The pounding waves that crash onto the deck carve great swathes in the crystalline powder that constitutes the ship, holes that rapidly diminish as fresh fallen snow fills in the damage. Near the middle of the deck on which you stand rises a vast pillar of blue steel, its sides reflective and perfectly smooth; save for the base of the side nearest you, where a humanoid hand has been nailed roughly into the steel, the metal deforming around the tortured flesh. The hand is attached to a short huddled figure that you only now notice, a great hood drawn up over its diminutive frame, dozens of individual ropes wrapping around its limbs. It does not seem to notice you, preoccupied as it is with the vessel, its arms twisting and tugging on ropes to move the masts, rigging, and tiller. Its efforts cause amber blood to drip from its mangled arm and fall to the snow at its feet, one of which also appears to have been spiked to the pillar. The slurry of blood and ice seeps towards the pillar, the metal seeming to drink the stream of orangered. As the boatman grunts and heaves the many ropes that control the vessel, a great reverberating scream erupts from within the pillar, a cry of agony and hunger amplified by the ringing metal of the steel stele. The sound seems to electrify the diminutive sailor, who redoubles its efforts at directing the course of the ship. The screaming of the Thing in the Pillar becomes a rolling sound reminiscent of laughter that sends an icy chill deeper than any snowstorm through your bones as you are expelled from the Dance. The sound continues to ring in your mind long after you awaken, the chill of the vision heavy on your limbs over the next day.
