No matter how deeply we scour the memories of even our most ancient shamans, we bear no songs about this place. It almost surprised us when we came upon this land. The Effelai is dense one moment, and then fades rapidly into a parched land along a great southern coast. The Effelai almost seems bitter about this place, its songs distant and hushed when we can hear them, whispers filled with hatred from some great betrayal. There are some who suggest we turn back and return to the jungle, but just as many tell us to press on and follow our ears. Here, perhaps more than anywhere, the land itself will be our challenge. our heroic obstacle to overcome and create new songs from. So we enter this desolate land, trying to follow the faint and hushed songs of the Effelai. The journey to the place we seek is no great trek, but we are down to our last supplies when we find it. a bay nestled up against the mountains, where tiny saplings and green things have dared to sprout. The Effelai's song is faint, but here more than anywhere else in these lands, we can feel and hear it. It feels mournful and injured. We spend days digging, deeper and deeper until we hit groundwater, and pull it up to quench our thirst. As we debate how to chop kindling for a festival bonfire, a group of native peoples are discovered watching us from the hills. Our scout invites them back, and one brave young local takes the offer. She says her people are the Orwa'ii, this is what's left of her home, and that our songs make her very anxious. We ask her what happened to this place. She says a great fire did this, but that it was better than letting the jungle win. She is apprehensive of our songs, but agrees to join our festival nonetheless. We build no fires, instead tending to a little garden and our recently dug well. Learning instead to cultivate what little life we have found here, we compose songs for the renewal and growth of life. For all we have fought to be here, maybe it's worth paying attention and caring for the small things and for each other. We leave the Orwa'ii gifts and water we have collected from this place, and continue on our journey.
