Trust not your lying eyes. Only ears can guide you here. The very first song of the ancestors taught to every child in the realm opens with this ancient advice. For as long as elves have lived in Soruin, they have sung the songs of those who came before them. The songs recount precise advice from the heroic deeds of their ancestors, as lessons to survive in the Effelai jungle. The great jungle is all they have ever known. Effelai is dark and dense, the rains are ceaseless, the air ever hot and humid. Even remembering where you are is difficult when so much looks the same to the untrained eye. You need your ears to traverse these lands. Sometimes all you have are the songs the jungle sings. The trained elf can listen to the peculiarities of the songs and determine where they are from the way the trees sing. Your eyes might betray you, for they may incur the wrath of those things that do not desire to be seen. Look at the roots and soil before your feet and watch your step, and do not gaze into the darkness, lest it gaze back. So had the Soruinic elves ever sung during the day, telling the stories of heroes with whom they shared blood; they held celebrations, offering reverence to the past. When night fell, all were silent to allow the eversinging jungle its nightly serenade. Until one festival. A young child asked the eldest shaman, "What is our most recent tale?" A simple question, but no one could answer it. The question festered in the minds of the tribe, but in none more than the child. None can remember having done anything but sing of ancient heroes and aimlessly wander the northern Effelai jungle, avoiding its greatest dangers, but also its most heroic opportunities. The child said if no one has been made worthy of a song, then they would do it, no matter the price. Today, the ruler looks over their tribe as they prepare for a great migration. The ruler remembers asking the shaman that question that changed everything, and their lifelong quest to lead the realm on a great pilgrimage to recreate and surpass the ancestors.
