Contrary to their tribal heritage, they no longer have need for the limitations of drawing upon rulers from their own families, for they are all united as one within the embrace of their Goddess. With each tribe having honed different abilities to meet the trials of their home regions, they have a vast wealth of talent to draw their future rulers from. Regardless of which tribe they pick from, their heir will have to undergo the trials of their Goddess. Having always been their goddess's most zealous warriors, the Parurans residing within the Leechdens make for competent administrators, and due to the hostile environment of that dreaded swamp, are all skilled warriors. While the Goddess blesses all of her children, they continue to be the most favored of her believers, and she often blesses the magically touched with extraordinary powers of foresight. The eastern parts of this jungle are home to the plentiful Thavo'i tribes. Constructing vast settlements, and regularly undergoing dangerous Blood Hunts, they make for warriors that excel at communication, and organizing other tribes to work towards common goals. Whether it is constructing meticulously crafted structures, or concocting new forms of medicine, the Effe'i are the finest administrators within the jungle. Their unique skill set is sure to foster prosperity, and stability during their rule. Tremendous strength, and unmatched martial prowess encompass the legend that is the Lai'i. While unmatched military might is not the only thing a prospering nation requires, an intimidating ruler will ensure their autonomy against outsiders. Filled with a fiery passion for festivities and diplomacy, the Soruinic tribes make for incredibly talented diplomats. While only recently making significant contact with the other tribes, they have already established themselves unmatched at building connections with both their neighbors, and outsiders that wander into these lands. They must remember though, as their benevolent Goddess's gifts often require great sacrifice to obtain.
