It was activated by accident. Not by one of the many engineers or archeologists scouring the remains of the great hall, but by one young laborer whose job was to cart materials out of the underground building. She had leaned against a wall to catch her breath, but slipped and accidentally pushed a hidden lever. The entire hall lit up, stars sparkling from pillar to pillar, alighting different doorways, leading to even more halls. Beams of light shot across the room to project images across blank sections of wall in long dead languages. Beside each doorway, the unmistakable image of a Zatsarya shone, aligned with the starry symbology that adorned each one. Over the next several weeks, thousands of researchers pored over everything found in the giant hall. The leading theory was that this room was a central hub to visit many different Zatsarya. The theory was the main spire out of which they had stepped connected to more than one spire across the galaxy. If you analyzed the images of Zatsarya along the walls, some of them clearly resembled those found on the many different planets they had visited. Perhaps somewhere in this chasm of dials and wheels and gears and lights, there lay a way to change the operation of the Zatsarya here so you could visit every one of these. It was during these discoveries that the true extent of what they had found had become clear. If they assumed every single one of the different images of spires meant there was another planet on the other side, accounting for some destroyed or floating in space, then lizardfolk must have visited and settled on hundreds of planets; maybe even thousands. And they all led back to here. This planet. This hub from which everything was connected. Atop the central hub from which everything fanned out was written one word in the ancient lizardfolk language. Nobody had yet cracked the full code of the language; the script had changed, some of the letters changed entirely over the millennia. But this one word had somehow not changed one iota in the tens of thousands of years their kind had been disconnected from this planet. Their planet. Rakh.
