The Plane of Earth has no sky. The most comparable location would be the tunnels under the Serpentspine, but nothing could quite compare to the sheer strangeness our expeditionaries discovered there. The earth itself appeared to glow, giving the whole land a dim red light that illuminated proceedings. Rivers of mud flowed in upwards waterfalls, while formations of pure diamond kilometers across hovered in midair. The inhabitants were not typically hostile, although neither were they typically friendly. Mining expeditions tended to give any earth elementals wandering the plane a wide berth. If one had made its home next to a rich vein of coal, we had little option but to mark it on a map for future exploration and move on. Thankfully, genie palaces were hard to miss. Their resplendent glory contrasted supremely with the ugly rock and earth that surrounded them. Hewn from ore and bright gemstones, each one stood out amongst the landscape and were used as markers in maps for explorers already. The first expeditions had simply planned to mark every genie palace on the map as a place to explore later, but as luck would have it, we did not need to explore that far. Standing atop one genie palace, gleaming with greater beauty than even the palace itself, stood what we were looking for. A Zatsarya. It was pristine, a single complete piece with stars sparkling across its face. The path was drawn, the expedition returned, and our next expedition of twenty thousand troops returned to reclaim our spire. It was a disaster. “Look at these flies,” roared the lead genie, flicking her hand and wiping away every single weapon in our arsenal. “I think they want their spire back, how cute. These are the creatures you were once afraid of?” Another genie gestured their hand vaguely in the direction of the army, sending a cascading river of mud to wipe away the forces. “I told you, they once had wishcatchers. It was different. It was…” Nobody heard the rest of the conversation. Only twelve lizardfolk returned.
