Nobody enters the KhagaYetsa. It is cursed. It has been cursed as far back as the thirty-third Empire. If you enter the spire, you die. The longest recorded span someone has stayed alive after entering the spire is twelve seconds. On one occasion, during the thirty-fourth Empire, what emerged was so monstrous it destroyed Taneyas so thoroughly that many lizardfolk fled across to Haless. With that warning in place, a strict perimeter has been placed around the spire for centuries, so that none even dare try to enter it. The job of guard of a spire that kills you can be quite boring, though. It is understandable that their minds may have wandered and they may not have noticed when something wandered into the spire. Not a lizardfolk, nor a troll or human nor halfling, but something much more mundane. a tchoken. The guards only spotted it as it sauntered brazenly into the open door at its front. Cue utter panic. The second most common form of empire collapse has been at the hands of a tchoken, a curious case indeed given there is nary a creature less threatening than a tchoken. For the three hundred thirty-third Empire to potentially fall at the hands of a mutated monster tchoken would be the greatest embarrassment of them all. A full half hour of sheer panic was replaced by confusion when out from the spire wandered our defiant tchoken. But it was not alone. For accompanying it were a full family of tchoken, who had evidently been living in the spire. This whole ordeal raised so many questions. It was well known that tchoken were typically unaffected by certain types of planar magic. It is why their bright colors shone even amongst the monochrome surroundings of the Shadow Swamp. But for them to wander into the cursed spire of KhagaYetsa was something else entirely. Could the right mutation of lizardfolk also breach the cursed spire? On top of that, why were we still afraid? We are the Final Empire. If we truly believe we are eternal, then no monster can destroy our empire. We can conquer the mystery of the cursed spire as well. We just got our first clue.
