From across the sea they arrived, representatives of Moon, Sun, and Wood. The representatives of Star have sent no delegation and no response, thinking themselves above any interaction with the Ruinborn or their cousins. Arriving in Endralliande, the elves returned home to Aelantier at long last, a contrast to their flight long ago during what they call the Day of Ashen Skies. Situated around a table outside with the salty breeze of the sea all around them, the Eordan and Elves discuss matters of their worlds. past, present, and future. They tell of their history, of the Day of Ashen Skies and the Remnant Fleet and the arrival to Cannor and Bulwar and beyond. Of wars and peace, of marriages and betrayal, and a longing to return home. We tell them of the perils of Aelantier after the disastrous events, of the rebirth of Eordand and its long struggle to unite. The Eordan knew of other people in Aelantier, but did not know of the Elves who had sailed eastward. While the Ruinborn live short lives, the Elves live many centuries. Our accomplishments seemed small at first compared to their centuries of struggle against men, orks, and even their own brethren, but we realized that we have rebuilt Eordand despite our short lives and polluted homeland. Some Elves look at us in envy and even hatred, such as the Star Elves of Aelnar. From the isle of Venáil as far west as they could sail, they dreamed of their homeland for generations, and at long last rediscovered Aelantier. But what they found was their home twisted from the heaven they dreamed of, and the Ruinborn mockeries to what they imagined were left behind of the Elven people. Driving themselves mad with this revelation, Aelnar has forsaken their Moon Elven brethren and looks to us as savages who squat on their birthright. Arriving late, the representative of Dawn proudly announced their presence to the council, attracting various degrees of distrust and disgust. Hailing from Rezankand in South Aelantier, the Dawn Elves have looted and ransacked the Ruinborn realms of Taychend, Effelai, and beyond. Championing the Bulwari Sun Cult, they have no tolerance for unbelievers. The Dawn Elf gloats and prides themselves on their accomplishments, but offers little of help. Finally, a letter is delivered at the port by the Sea Elves, explaining their interest in recent developments but that they have no intention of living on Aelantier once more. For them, their Arks are forever their home, only landing to resupply. For them, Aelantier is gone, for they have no desire to dwell on its tainted soil. Moon, Sun, and Wood all come from different worlds, and often may disagree and clash. But they see Eordand restoring control of Aelantier to the Ruinborn, and ask us if there may be room for their wayward cousins.
