What a waste of time. Maugunia jumped off her destrier, stretching her tired limbs while attempting to ignore Trystane’s neverending ranting. The Order had just cleared out the orks in Bladeskeep and the hotheaded hedge knight wanted to continue the fight. He needed to learn the value of rest. Trystane tossed down his breastplate. “Shall we sip wine while we give the orks time to regroup? Hey, why don’t we give them some of our mounts while we’re at it? You know, in good faith.” Maugunia sat down by the campfire trying to suppress her growing ire. “We needn’t be hasty,” she responded tartly. “We do not know if any greenskins loom.” “Huh, and where was all this prudence when you executed those nobles?” Trystane sneered. “Those snakes deserved it, but if not for their rolling heads we’d be riding in Lencori grasslands—not this hellscape. And now you won’t even kill those damn greenskins?” Murmurs of agreement rippled throughout the camp, faces turning to their commander. She gazed into the flames, memories of the Lilac Wars flickering before her; scenes of slaughter and justice. Every traitor, be they commoner or noble, butchered like the pigs they were. The ash drifting over the ruins that day. And the whispered name by which they would be dreaded. Whispers that still left a faint smile on her face. A chill wind howled through the ruins as Maugunia drove her sword into the ground. “You’re right,” she said at last. “But we had no future in Lencenor. The lords and ladies—our own kin—despised us, threw us away as dastards and outcasts. We were feared, and when we brought justice to those traitors, it gave them the excuse they needed to banish us.” Her voice sharpened. “But, good knights, see what I see.” Maugunia drew her sword and pointed to open and fallow fields below the keep’s watch. “Land no decadent lord can strip away.” She turned pointing, to the pinned orks. “And servants to serve our every need.” The mood lifted as the knights murmured in assent. Even Trystane smiled faintly. “Now, a toast.”
