Their coffers were empty. It should have been a concern for the Cobalt Company. No mercenary would fight without payment. When their patron, a prince of Gawed, fell in the Battle of Rottenstep, none of them were sure how they should proceed. Their contract bound them to help fight the Greentide in Escann, yet the person they signed it with no longer lived. Soon, though, all became clear. The messenger they sent to Gawed, demanding the payment required by the contract, returned emptyhanded. Their payment, for any future campaign in Escann as well as the battles they had already fought, was denied. Instead, they became convenient scapegoats to blame for the death of the prince. The son of the prince they followed refused them their reward. The lords that refused to follow him blamed the company for his death, despite the fact that it was the lords who abandoned him. Rage spread through the ranks on that day. Some suggested abandoning Escann. Some suggested taking their money by force, raiding the border towns of Gawed. All of the Cobalt Company cursed the great lords and their king. They all knew that this expedition wasn’t popular in Gawed, but to deny them payment after what they went through was beyond insulting. It called for retribution. And that was what Captain Gunther of Mossford offered his men. Retribution. Not taken on civilians, but on the lords that slighted them. Dreaming higher than any mercenary company had ever dreamed before. Captain Gunther took one last look at the letter of rejection, signed by the king of Gawed. He felt the familiar hatred burning in his chest, tempering his resolve. After fighting with no contract for the last year, they had no other way out. The Cobalt Company would carve its place as one of the powers of Escann and make Gawed regret abandoning them, or they will fall trying. Fighting besides Corin taught them to dream big. And now, with Greentide over, they dared to dream even bigger. Their empty coffers no longer worried them. They no longer fought for money. They were mercenaries no longer. The true tale of their glory would begin here, in Escann. In the kingdom they will soon create. Where no monarch or noble could decide someone's fate on a whim.
