The Summer Isles have been home to the halflings since time immemorial, and following the destruction of the Vyzemby city states on the mainland, Fahvanosy became the only known place the halflings could call home. This has completely changed since a small merchant ship from Beepeck arrived on the shores of the Summer Isles, carrying our long lost brothers from Cannor. Suddenly we were not alone, which naturally sparked a wave of curiosity in our population wanting to learn more about our brothers. A link between our homelands was established, and many other meetings soon followed, our people visiting the city of Beepeck or Beepecker merchants landing to trade Cannorian goods for spices and cloves. The free movement of ideas spurred by this exchange introduced a new goddess of charity to us, Begga Goodfingers, venerated by the Regent Court Pantheon of our Cannorian brothers. Her worship started spreading in the Isles, slowly at first among merchants and adventurers visiting Cannor, but soon it spread among the general populace. Priests of our Great Family have noticed this religious shift, but there was no unified response, each shrine having a different attitude towards the new goddess. For these reasons, the Summer Council has assembled in Lelanàn, with all shrines sending delegates and even a priest of Begga from Cannor being present. The goal was to decide the matters of the new goddess once and for all. Theological debates between different shrines are not uncommon, but it has been centuries since a religious meeting of this size occurred. After months of theological debates questioning the Cannorian priest, debating theological differences and similarities between Regent Court and Nakavy Avo, and many minor debates between delegates from individual shrines, the Council came to a conclusion. Begga Goodfingers shall be officially accepted into the Great Family. The canonization of Begga has increased her popularity even more, with Cannorian priests already arriving in Loranakodro to help build a shrine for her.
