Aha, you wish to hear of the trials that hasten our hearts; a crowd favorite. Ahem, thrice strummed, ten hums, a jingling foot to guide, and the tale begins on a night long ago. One night, the moon, that skyshy land of the dead, drifted close to Aro’s balcony high above a place. From the lunar portal, a voice said. “Halfgenie, son of Dao and human, blessed by my stewards, the elemental animal totems. I am the kiln, I am the start, I am God. For the first time in a long, long time, I have seen my creations free thanks to you, yet before you sit atop the throne, you must complete ten tasks of royalty, lest you repeat the genie’s fatuity.” Aro Makaya pledged to complete these, and so the dead creator issued the “Tasks of Prowess”. He used his experience, talent, and gifts to conquer each in succession, such as defeating any warrior who challenged him for a lunar cycle, shadowing a place among the plains, and slaying the terrible kadda DecayFever. Despite his successes, Aro struggled against a vexing lordling who dodged like lightning and weathered blades and spells like rain. Only after finally uncovering his foe’s secret flaw, a weak constitution, did he overcome him in an endurance feast by serving a soup seasoned with the vile kadda DecayFever’s bonemeal. The foe regretted their pride after a single spoonful, disgorging both meal and mischief and entering into the service of the victorious Aro. Happy with Aro’s progress, God delivered the “Tasks of Ego”. Aro flew as a sandstorm, counting every corner of a domain. Then, he used his halfgenie endurance to bathe in the volcano’s burning magma. Purified in earth and fire, he begged his smallest subject; a grass mouse; for its blessing with every trick he dared. The mouse, unimpressed by wealth, magic, or knowledge, answered only to the morsels of his palace kitchen. And so Aro grew wise. The last three tasks deal with the true character of power and royalty, such as the chaos of a place, the weight of authority, and a mystery that none – not even I – know of. Perhaps if you or I earn enough glory, God, Aro, or one of the animal totems might challenge us with tasks all our own?
