Nerat teaches us that the power of life and death is the greatest power vested in mortal rulers. The authority to exercise justice, mete out punishment, and sentence the guilty is a great responsibility and, at times, a burden, for he who hands down the sentence is responsible for every swing of the sword, just or no. This is the thought that lingers in your mind as you finally sit down, the sun dipping below the horizon. Since the break of dawn, you have heard the testimony and legal arguments about a murder case that has taken place in the capital. Over a dozen witnesses place the accused murderer at the scene of his wife's death, and report that he was covered in blood when guards arrived to respond to the shouts of passersby, but no one saw him commit the crime itself. The accused man continuously claims his innocence, but says almost nothing more; he gives no alibi, explanation, or alternative suspects. The decision of whether to sentence this man hangs heavily on you; there is clearly a lack of definitive evidence, but why does the accused not fight harder to demonstrate his innocence? The circumstances are highly suspicious, but still. Your hand rests on your pen, hesitating. There is no certainty here, and it is very easy to sentence an innocent or release a murderer. What would Nerat do? Certainly the Jailor of the Damned has always known the guilt of his charges, but did he? Were all of the Archdevils so unequivocally evil? And what of Nerat and Falah; they stood accused alongside Agrados' other children, yet were shown innocent. What wisdom of the gods reveals what dwells in the hearts of men, you wonder. You spend the evening in a mix of prayer and pouring over past legal decisions. As the first rays of dawn break over the horizon, you return to your desk, dip your pen into the ink well and sign your name at the bottom of the document. Judgement is yours to deliver; and when you pass from this world and stand before Nerat, he will judge you for your deeds. You can only hope that you have done justice today.
