While dreams of the battlefield are no stranger to a ruler, the fancy of a longfaded fight flutters in this night, waking the monarch from sleep. A dream, or perhaps a memory, from days long past, though whether it is the monarch's memory or that of another cannot be said. Sharp voices speak while a figure cowers, cornered and alone. Shaking as towering tyrants loom above, the small being knows that it will certainly be destroyed. The monarch grits their teeth, jaw clenched tight at the injustice of it; of darkness that comes for the innocent, and a world that fails to defend them. The vision shifts, and you can see a knight kneeling before the cowering being from before. The warrior's chest heaves up and down unevenly as he slowly struggles to his feet and levels his sword, arms shaking from the effort. Even with the bruises, even having been put down into the dirt, spitting blood, the knight rises to face the threat waiting beyond. And as the battered and wounded warrior raises a great cry and rushes forward against his unseen foe, the monarch is struck by a singular truth; This is all that is right in the world. Even when it costs us all we have, we must stand strong as stone, bold and firm as the boulder, unyielding as steel, rising again and again to fight even when it would be easier to lay down. Many depend on the actions of such heroes, who rise again and again when a sane man would quit. As the thought passes the monarch's mind, they feel a firm hand squeeze on the shoulder. Turning to look, however, there is nothing; only the hint of a beard white as the Walls of Castanor. And then, back in bed, drenched with sweat, the first light of morning bringing a cloudy haze of pride and joy as dream and memory faded and the conscious mind reasserted itself. Had it been just a dream? Or something more? Impossible to say, perhaps. But as the rest fades, one thought stays, clear and loud as a ringing bell. Stand. Arise. Defend the weak. You shall not break or falter. With mighty walls and strength of arms, protect the weak. Arise.
