It has been said that warfare is a certain kind of hell, but all too often it devolves from the bloody business of battle to the slow stalemate of siege. Earthworks and walls impossible to assault directly force generals to wait out their foes, and in the weeks and months that follow, those pale horsemen ride through the camps of besieger and besieged alike; disease, starvation, desperation. Sieges are vital to winning a war; but they are also among the worst of experiences that mortals can go through. You sighed as you poured over the architectural schematics of the various forts and castles in your realm. Not long after you had dedicated yourself to Nathalyne's worship, you began a comprehensive examination of the fortifications of your lands; and when you could come by them, the plans of your neighbors. For though towers may be mighty and walls high, the sturdiest stone will not matter if a postern door is unattended or an escape tunnel unguarded. Nathalyne knew this well, for many of her greatest heists were founded on such principles; the Eye of Shadowsight never would have come to her if she had not garnered the secrets of the vaults that guarded it from looselipped drunkards, nor would she have been able to steal Jexis' treasury from under the Burned Empress' nose without intimate knowledge of the Imperial Palace's defenses from her earlier years as spymaster under Rean I Silmuna. Knowledge, as Nathalyne repeatedly showed, is power; and knowledge of an enemy's defenses ensures that they will be as transparent lock. Opening the next scroll, something catches your eye; a discrepancy in the design of a nearby castle before and after major renovations. It appears to have had a small servants entrance once, but no such design existed on the plans now. How well had it been covered over, you wonder, smiling to yourself and setting aside the scroll. You make a series of notes in your ledger, detailing the potential weakpoints of the fort. That one shouldn't give your armies much trouble in the future.
