The monarch sat on the edge of her bed, both her hands held to her pounding head. She had, in truth, been in this position for the last hour, since a messenger had delivered the direst news she had thought possible. Zokka was dead, and Jaddar's realm now stretched from their holy mountain in the east to the borders of Sareyand in the west. The news was likely already spreading like a sandstorm through the camp, and it was only a matter of time before Jaddar turned back from the west, and annihilated Siádan like his grandfather had done to Siadanlén before it. And with those damned harpy allies of his, it would likely take even less time than it took Jaher. The monarch shook her head vigorously and let out a groan; she had to think of something, anything. It had been their complacency that had led them to this moment. The instant they had heard Zokka was marching against Jaddar, they should have sprung into action, but they didn't, and now they were going to pay the ultimate price. But the organization, the militarism, the drive and firm belief in the righteousness of their cause; these had clearly been the reasons for Jaddar's triumph in the first place; the ruler knew that, but inaction, lack of militarism, lack of purpose. The monarch looked up, taking her head out of her hands, as the realization dawned on her; for too long, Siádan had been stuck in the same old ways. Small scale raids, petty border disputes; for too long, Siádan had mourned its past glory, too weak to rise up and take it back. But by the light of calamity, they had been shown a better way, and even better they had been shown the truth. Siadan has the organization; its forces were organized into flocks, and if the lesser matriarchs could be convinced of the need, a great host could be raised at a moment's notice. Siádan has the militarism; they were harpies, for Firanya's sake. It was their life's goal to hunt and fight and seize anything not freely given. And they certainly have the purpose. That glorious purpose that had cast the largest shadow of them all on the remnants of its greatness; Siadanlén. The name of a state that once caused terror throughout Rahen and the Salahad, and by blood or talon would do so again. The ruler rose to leave her tent, thinking of the countless orders she would need to give to make this dream a reality; and, under her breath, she thanked Jaddar for showing her the truth, and the way forward. This would be the greatest struggle the heirs of Siadúna had ever faced, moreso than even Jaher's invasion; they faced the end of their very way of life, the traditions and glory that had run uninterrupted from the age of Firanya; but Siádan would never again shy away from its destiny, even if it cost them everything.
