In the days before the First Consensus, there were heroes and horrors in plenty. The hero Kaiko Ikaika lived in Kanolowele in those days, and he, his magic spear, and his great companion beast were the only defense against the hinuibeasts, which stole the people of Kanolowele away to the hinuilands where the grass was as tall as houses. Kaiko Ikaika fought for the people and mourned for each he could not save, but one day his love was stolen away, and this was something he could not endure. He left Kanolowele and journeyed to the hinuilands with his spear and his beast to retrieve his beloved. She was locked within a great tower, which was ruled by a ghostly and terrible King who held power over life and death. So Kaiko Ikaika begged the King for the life of his beloved. The King agreed, if Kaiko Ikaika was willing to destroy the twelve locks of his tower so that he could roam the land for himself. Kaiko Ikaika was afraid of the King, but he did not care for the consequences so long as his love could live again. He agreed. Each of those twelve locks was kept in place by means both magical and mundane, and it took all of Kaiko Ikaika’s strength and wit to undo them. And as he did he felt a piece of himself fall away each time, but he had resolved to press on regardless of the cost. But as the twelfth lock fell away, Kaiko Ikaika fell with it. Each of those locks had held a piece of the King within them too, and now the King could be whole again within the body of Kaiko Ikaika. Kaiko Ikaika dissolved, but he felt a sense of completion. he had done what he set out to do. With his bargain complete, Kaiko Ikaika’s love awoke by the place where the man who was once Kaiko Ikaika once stood. She saw the man who was once Kaiko Ikaika. She loved him, but she loved the world more, and for the world’s sake the King could not leave the tower. So she took Kaiko Ikaika’s spear, and she hurled it at the King with all her might. Everything broke. spear, King, and Kaiko Ikaika. Kaiko Ikaika’s love then found his beast, and flew back to the lands of Kanolowele on its wings. And all the way, she wept. for herself, for Kanolowele, and for a man who was foolish enough to bargain with death.
