Along a dusty road, overlooking the eastern part of town stood a small set of tombstones, both large and small. These have, according to the native locals, been here since time immemorial and had, for some reason lost to time, been cared for by the locals. A strange habit to be sure, but also one which speaks to the local desire for remembrance. This small town was known as Mara Luar. In the past, it had been one of the furthest outposts of the Ynnic Empire and had later on developed into a sort of YnnicEpednar hybrid town in which the two groups lived a relatively peaceful life of coexistence and at some times even cooperation. Mara Luar had for a long time been the Ynnics way of tapping into the resources of the Expanse and had been the center of trade for the Epednan Expanse. But the Epednar incursions into Ynnic lands under Hubinach slowly forced most of the Ynnics to relocate eastward, leaving only a token population behind. These survivors have, against all logic, attempted to keep the city as intact as possible, as if to cling to the past in the hopes of restoring it one day. Yet this culture of remembrance and preservation has given us a unique opportunity. we can study the history of the Ynnic and the so-called YnnicEpednar hybrid in great detail due to the many remnants of this once great town. We have already done extensive excavations, and some have laid bare very interesting facts about the region, which include the following. Before the modern Epednar population, there was the Ynnic who controlled this area for at least five hundred years. The Epednar have not always lived in these regions, but have slowly migrated to this region from elsewhere, with most academics agreeing on the Haraf’ne theory of origin. The Ynnics, for reasons unknown, started the building of this town via a strict grid pattern but slowly abandoned it. This was possibly due to the increased need for housing during less safe periods. The Expanse used to be a lot greener, with lush grasslands interspersed with forests here and there. Some even speculate that the lower slopes of the Ekyunimoy mountains were once covered in forests, though we cannot say this for sure. The desertification of the Expanse was a quite rapid process, lasting only a few centuries at most. Lastly, we have been able to deduce five different cultural periods of the Expanse with the help of clayworks and pottery, these being in chronological order. Early OldYnnic circle band pottery, Late OldYnnic slashband pottery, early Epedynnic knifeedge pottery, Early Epednar animal motive pottery, and the current Epednar animal motive pottery. These findings have all been written down by academics and students from the UotD and will be copied in both common tongue and in Ynnic and Epednari lingo, to help the native population preserve history.
