Within the grand halls of AmlazOrlz, on a throne gilded in platinum, sits a ruler staring down at a crown in their hands. It is here where the aristocracy fraternize and scheme, an ever-evolving discussion that can have ramifications throughout Cannor and the Serpentspine. Glasses and cups clink, filled with an assortment of liquids from Damerian Tea to Escanni Dark. To the uninitiated, the Assembly of Lords is a daunting place of equal opportunity and risk if one can follow the Platinum Waltz; to the regular patrons, it is an average day of intrigue. But today is special, a day of remembrance for the fallen. As the Highlord continues to gaze at the platinum-gilded Dwarovkron in their hands, their grip tightens as they make an amendment. a day of celebration. Amidst the din and cries, the Highlord of their dynasty rises to their feet and dons the ancient crown as the assembly falls silent. The ruler surveys the audience before them, the Adventurer Lords making the majority of those in attendance, but not diminishing the presence of the guests. From Imperial Princes to Escanni Petty Kings, nobility from all over Cannor arrive to witness the assembly. "I am grateful for those who could attend," says the Highlord. "I am sure you had a wonderful time witnessing the achievements of our ancestors." They continue, as the Platinum nobility nod with great enthusiasm, their Cannorian and Escanni counterparts not so much. The Highlord smiles benevolently, gazing around the room. "Now, before sampling some of the finest cuisine the Serpentspine has to offer, we must commence with the veneration of all recorded ancestors starting from." The Highlord could not keep their laughter in any longer upon witnessing the shudder that had affected even the most vainglorious of Platinum Dwarves in attendance. After the good-natured heckling that followed, the Highlord raises their glass high as those in attendance follow. "To the fallen who paved the way," they cry, as cups and glasses crash into others. Thus marks the beginning of the main course, a show of Orlazam Lamb paired with options of Red Lineage and even Dwarovar Dark. The Highlord retreats from the Assembly of Lords, reaching a terrace that cannot muffle the rattling of chains below. Here, the Highlord looks over what they have wrought. the Indentured Masses. "The most diverse workforce in all of Halann," mutters the Highlord, watching as orks, Goblins, Kobolds, Ogres, and even Trolls toil beneath them; the institution of slavery fueling the Platinum economy. The truth may be ugly, but the results are undeniable as evidenced by the latest Overseer records. Tearing their gaze away from the darkness below, the Highlord of their dynasty turns back towards the bright lights emitting from AmlazOrlz. With a final glance back, the Highlord returns to their rightful place at the head of the assembly and oversees the latest spat between a High Lorentish noble and his Gawedi counterpart. Just another session in Haraz Orldhûm, the Hold of High Kings and Platinum Chains.
