Along the Khugsroad lay a country manor, of grounds new and old. It had been parcelled up countless times. since the time of ancient Castanor, feudal Castellyr, in the wake of the Greentide, and now it was administered according to Badak law. It was home to an older family, some of the first orks to settle down and take ownership of this green land to match their new skin. The manor itself had similarly old foundations, said to have been laid by Balgar himself, or so the Patrician claimed to his unlikeliest of green inheritors. That had been a century and more ago; these days it had seen generations of new owners. Green their skin remained, but they had learnt the responsibilities that came with old homes and how best to maintain them, and the social order of servants and staff needed below their owners in turn. Today it hosted a large social gathering that on the surface seemed like it would have been like any other. families from all other Badakhan coming together to soiree and hobnob amongst themselves. The orks who inherited Escann. But as many of them looked up to the mountains, the memory of physical captivity that the Serpentspine filled them with loomed larger than it might have on other days. For these were strange days. An angel had revealed herself. she had chosen them and them alone of all Halann and come to help guide this new nation. And yet that felt like it might be a gilded cage on the promise of following her advice. She had yet to give something as direction and yet her personage was so powerful and her ability to influence so complete. Raw magnetism, as if by compulsion for those who lacked willpower. It was not even that she gave bad advice, or sought to lead them consciously down dark paths. Far from it, she was most adept and this was clear as various guests shared their own disparate stories. But it was precisely this that was a worry—Badakhan was a new home, and part of this promise was that the Badak people would direct their own destiny. And so, slowly, as the shadow of the mountain loomed, in drawing rooms and while out on hunts, these conspirators drew their plans against her. Hers was a gentle tyranny and so it would be resisted with words, diplomacy, and deeds, so as to challenge Amriel without ruining Badakhan in the process. An agenda finalised, they made their oath and made to depart.
