Kavu Cursed Howl travelled with a purpose. The woods were not entirely pacified, even if most resistance was now mere noncompliance. And for one such group, Kavu and his men had come to disperse them, peacefully if possible. As they rode into the encampment he saw her. Arya. She smiled at him like she’d expected to see him again, as if this was inevitable. By her side tottered a child who was quite unlike the other elves, too green by half. “Is he?” he asked, not even bothering with preamble. “Yes,” came her answer, and he felt his legs get weak. So much of his world and existence seemed to change in a moment, for something so real to come of a night that had felt more a dream every year since. But reality interrupted such idle thoughts. “We’re leaving tomorrow and troubling your authority no longer,” she said, her voice almost cracking. “And the child?” he asked, unsure what answer he wanted. “Tavdan only knows his mother. We were something, but the stars are not aligned to give us any more time than we had that night. Our places require us to be apart.” Arya was so certain. So right. “I wish that we had time,” he said. “We shall be back tomorrow,” he added, hastily, “and I hope” he wasn’t sure how the sentence ended. That she’d be there with his child? That she’d away and potentially be safe outside the woods? His mind was troubled; he slept poorly. The next morning, without bothering to explain, he sent his men off elsewhere and returned to the clearing. In such a state as he was, it was no small wonder that Kavu didn’t bump directly into Arya. She was with Tavdan; the boy was holding her hand tight, trying to be brave. “But…” he stammered. “But what? Mayhaps I lied, or changed my mind,” Arya said, squeezing their son's hand. Her face was almost blank, almost brisk. “To tell the truth, he asked about you last night. I may never quite make my peace with the new reality here. But he and also I deserve a family come whatever may. And so I humbly request your protection.” There was something wry in her expression, as if a test. “I suppose I shall have to make sure you are treated well then, as mother of a potential future chief.” He embraced them both, filled with the strength to lift them both into the air in this moment.
