Galin Karnoris sits in the council chamber with a selfsatisfied smirk as one of our merchant spies gives their report. While posing as a trader in a domain, they were approached by several human traders, dwarves, and even a goblin, all who claimed to have access to a mythical substance known as "korashi". This korashi was the substance that Karnoris believed he was buying. It can apparently nullify magic in even tiny amounts and is the secret to the Command's subjugation of Haless' many warriormages. Korashi was once made near exclusively in the towering mountains of the Demon Hills by the monstrous Oni and sold to the Command in exchange for peace. The Oni have since been subjugated by the Command and their korashi secrets extracted, allowing the Command to ramp up korashi production. All of Haless now knows of this substance, wielded by the fearsome Command to nullify their strongest warriors. Stories of korashi spread as rumors down the golden highway, finding opportunists willing to exploit gullible traders by selling fake korashi. Our spy met these opportunists in the midst of their scam, many already weighed down with crowns from successful sales. Being more careful than Karnoris, the spy attempted to weed out any running a scam with direct questions. They first inquired about the process by which korashi is made and received many different answers. Some refused to say at all, but some gave obviously ridiculous answers like two parts mithril, one part gold, that it is the soul of a dead god, or even that it comes from meteorites. They also disagreed on the appearance of korashi beyond that it is black, claiming that it is crystalline, a powder, or even pure energy. In the end, the spy purchased a few samples from more convincing sellers to bring back for testing; they were all obsidian or powdered slate, completely worthless. With just a small quantity of korashi, our unparalleled scientists could surely reverse engineer the secrets of its production. If we cannot obtain korashi with gold or honeyed words, we have no choice but to take it by force. Plundering korashi from the facilities deep in the Demon Hills is impossible, but luckily the Command's newer production facilities and korashi supply lines present easier targets. Even so, the Command is well aware of the value of korashi and will defend it to the last hobgoblin. Even discovering their korashi routes will be difficult, let alone organizing an untraceable raid halfway across Halann. We will need to plan meticulously and execute perfectly to have even the tiniest chance of obtaining korashi without incurring the wrath of the Command.
