The spirit of Roilsardi is quite scandalous for my taste, I must confess. Even though I am human, I truly enjoy Anbennarian elven customs, arts, and style. They evoke such nostalgia and dreamlike feelings, as if I am yearning for memories that I do not recall. So when the news of a diplomatic envoy reached my ears weeks ago, I could not help but feel helpless anxiety while I envisioned that Lencori humor with cocky mannerisms and overbearing postures. I imagined I could at least distract myself from their meeting with their wine, which is quite good I must frankly say. And so the day came, I was feeling sick just by the thought of the kind of people I was to receive. A pompous carriage arrived dragged by six fine muscular horses. I put on my best smile to do my job and greet the envoy. But no immediate words could come out of my mouth when I saw her. A pointed ear elf maiden greeted me with an enthusiastic silvery voice as I got lost in her green doelike eyes. I stuttered while she patiently waited for my salute. As the days went by, I was completely enthralled. Firstly by her glimmering sultry light skin, and her loose straight white hair ornamented in occasional braids that fell to her cleavage's height. All that made a striking contrast against her red dresses with small elegant black rose patterns. Secondly, by her graceful and proud walking, her joyful gaze always innocent, even when she is playfully grinning, her birdly laughter, her witty comments, and her intelligence even when she is faking obliviousness with her face. She has all that Roilsardi wild feminine appeal in a magnetic elven figure full of elegance. Could such a contradiction exist? Her maidens, pages, and secretaries on the other hand have an image akin to what I expected, yet they share bits of their lady's magnetism. Our local court is of course falling in love with every single one of them. She is always so calm and confident, even in the most chaotic situations. Yet when we are alone she talks to me about her past and her wishes for the future and the ones for our nations. She does it in such a vulnerable, sincere way with those eyes. Whenever she looks at me like that I feel like nothing else matters anymore, except her wholeness. Her name is Liandiel Moonsong, Lucian Sil Na Toars' trusted emissary and diplomat. And she is the eternal object of my desire and adoration.
