While there are many places in the world one might consider tranquil, the Ruby Gardens of Parusad Bhola were renowned for it. Quiet covered walkways with intricately carved masonry were surrounded by expansive grounds of painstakingly maintained plants, trees sprawling over vast grounds. Pools of water, some themed with artistic displays of either craft or plant or even both surrounding them, were nestled amongst the lush greenery. It was in a quiet corner of the Gardens that the delegates first arrived. First came the diplomats, dressed in their finest and passing only the most courteous and guarded exchanges between each other. All had come to get to know their counterparts well since relations had started to normalize between the country and Parusad Bhola, but there was still a frosty air of formality. The next group however, had no such qualms. The polite quiet that had followed the wake of the diplomats was broken; heated words bubbled up from half a dozen conversations. The Philosophers had arrived, dressed in a variety of garb from the ascetic to the ornate, but largely whatever was comfortable to wear for long periods of time and easy to clean. Arguments were being tossed out, grappled with, and verbally thrust back in a debate comparable to some of the most ferocious duels. Some groups had even fallen to debating amongst their own members, for the question of how to mend the divide between these two longtime enemies was as vexed domestically as it was diplomatically. Yet finally, a hush fell as the rulers of the nations arrived. A delegate from the Raj, the monarch of the country and the ruler of Parusad Bola approached. Each was dressed in their finest, of course, attempting to outdo the others, but they exchanged words of relative calm, a continuation of a written correspondence, perhaps. Settled before the delegations, the first arguments were brought forth; the first of many in a long list of old grievances, ancient massacres, current territorial disputes. Yet address them they did, and by day's end the stiffness that had prevailed at first had given way to cautious optimism. What had gone unaccomplished by blade was falling to the word and pen.
