The Paddleboard Knight gripped his sword tight, knuckles white as he waited for an opening against the beast currently ripping through the ship's deck. He could see the lost vessel ahead of him, little more than a pile of burning and floating flotsam, the remains of an attempt to burn the beast, which only blew the ship apart and enraged the Wendigo further. Wood splintered and cracked as the beast tore through the knights on board like a storm, rending blood, steel, and flesh alike, until the antlered monster lunged at another marine positioned near the captain's cabin. At once, every fighter on the deck saw their only chance, the Knight included. The marine was crushed in an instant as the Wendigo pinned him against the wall and killed him with a single snapping bite, but the Ynnics did not let it escape, twenty men rushing in with spears, swords, nets, broken woodwork, and whatever else they could gather from the ruin of the ship. Even this uneven fight was bloody; a single swipe from the Wendigo's claws turned five men into eviscerated husks tumbling into the water, but all they needed was time. Eventually, the desperate struggle was interrupted by a commanding shout, as the Knight and his comrades sidestepped to make way for the sailors behind them. For a moment, the beast looked confused; then it howled with an earsplitting cry of pain, as twenty elves surged forwards, ramming the splintered remains of the ship's mast into the Wendigo's chest. The beast flailed and lashed out widely, taking the head off a sailor in the way of its claws and rending the chest of another, but soon enough the Knight got lucky again, taking the monster's head off with an opportune swing of his sword. As he held it up high for all the men of the expedition to see, the mood was more somber than celebratory. Countless elves lay dead at the Wendigo's feet, and two boats of the expedition had been destroyed almost entirely. One had to wonder if they should have abandoned the first ship to its fate, though one could also wonder if the sight of the Wendigo's head mounted at the ship's prow had any effect on the Cursed Ones, who seemed to be just a little more wary of attacking the travelling Ynnics.
