When I was fourteen, I faced my first Otakazemby. It was a massive, brutish, and misshapen creature, over twice my size. A pirate captured off the shore of our island, given a club and a chance to give its wretched life some meaning. It was the most frightened I had ever been in my life. Still, I remembered my training and took Turozi's Stance. Deflect its strike with my shield, retaliate with my training spear. I remember that fear turning to pride, when the bruised human finally yielded. The emotions of that day, both fear and pride, were nothing compared to what I felt now. "You are an upstart brat. Unseasoned, untested in battle, and unworthy." Haingo Oldstone nearly screamed as his gnarled and aged finger pointed accusatorially at me. I stood head bowed before the Council of the Tower, meek and subservient. This ancient body of lieutenants had chosen, from amongst themselves, the Tower Commanders of Tiboktsamo for nearly a generation. But just yesterday, Andrianary Longwatch had chosen me as his successor, without consulting them, and promptly retired. "Should the Council will it," I began meekly, "I will gladly resign." "Out of the question," said Naka Mastbreaker, the unofficial head of the council. He had been the expected successor, a man I respected. I would gladly have given the title to him. "What's done is done. Andrianary has done more than declare you his successor; he has named you Kolovadoy. Whether we like it or not, the people of Tiboktsamo have chosen to believe him in this claim. To step down now would be spitting upon Kolo, tantamount to desertion and treason." Though calm, there was an edge of anger to his voice. As if behind each word, there was a concealed dagger waiting to strike. "You will be the Tower Commander. You will attempt to be the Kolovadoy. But while the masses may believe this, we have yet to be convinced. I advise that you heed our council, for if you fall short, we will see you disgraced and denounced as a false Kolovadoy, buried without honors and remembered by none." He paused, gauging my reaction. The fear he saw in my eyes. I believe it satisfied him. "But, for now, you have the people's faith. Don't disappoint them."
