Thomas Clarke stood tied to the pyre. The jeering of the villagers seemed to drain away as in his mind’s eye he was taken back to happier times. Was it five years ago? Ten? He had spent all day pumping the bellows, but he could stay pumping for another day, for he knew this attempt would be the one. The walls were lined with failed ladles. The first was more a chunk of metal than any kind of serviceable implement, the second did not have a scoop, the fifth did not have a handle, the seventh… On down the line it went. He pumped and pumped, until he realized that the sound of hammering had been replaced with the sound of a final quenching. He stood then, and almost bumped head first into his apprentice. Her face was dripping with sweat and its color seemed to match the flaming red of her hair, but in her hands she held a ladle and her smile stretched from ear to ear when she said to him, “Are you proud of me?” He was, he was proud beyond words. He scooped her up into a great embrace, and then into the shop came Silas Goodhope, the baker’s boy. Rebecca let go of him and ran to Silas, holding her ladle aloft, and Thomas could not help but notice the way he looked at her then. Silas and Rebecca had been friends since she came to his shop for her apprenticeship, but the air between them seemed different recently, and he hoped they would be happy with each other. The splatter of a tomato against his face jolted him back to reality. The magistrate was reading now. “Thomas Clarke. You have been found guilty of witchcraft, and you have been sentenced to burn in the same fire you used to craft your foul magicks. Were you to give up the location of the known members of your coven Silas and Rebecca Goodhope, your sentence might be lightened.” The magistrate paused, and when he received no response he motioned to the firestarter to ignite the pyre. Thomas was crying. The tears evaporated on his face, and his skin began to warp, and under his breath only to himself he was chanting, and the words were.
