Marion was getting the newspaper, like every day. Though where normally the general store was rowdy with people debating the latest news, now there was only a deafening silence. Curious, Marion grabbed a paper, though the front story shocked and silenced him too. Thirty-two dead at Buffalo Skull Ranch from our reporter. On Buffalo Skull Ranch, just north of Plumstead City, rangers found what can only be described as a massacre. Thirty-two corpses of varying race were found. Hanged, lynched, maimed, and defiled by the perpetrators in ways decency forbids us to describe. The perpetrators, which have yet to be identified but are thought to be of native origin, have not made distinction between man, woman, child, human, or ruinborn. They were all executed in what seems a coordinated and orderly manner, suggesting that this was a deliberate and planned massacre. No survivors were found, and the ranch and the cattle, once the pride of the ranch owners, were either killed on the spot or taken away. The ranch buildings, including a nursing shed for weary travelers and a small tavern, were plundered and burned to the ground, the plumes of smoke mixing with the smell of death to create a perfume of pure wretchedness and tragedy. Though as luck would have it, the rangers did find a single survivor, who, though traumatized by the occurrence, was able to explain what had occurred and more importantly, why. She explained that the ranch, which was owned by a professor of the UotD, had been the hiding place of two of his students. These students were Epednari from two feuding tribes and had hidden their romance, fearing that they would be killed if their families found out, which happened eventually. Not knowing what to do, they asked help from their professor, who offered them shelter until they could make up a plan. However, some other Epednar found out and notified one of the two lovers’ tribes, who subsequently attacked and massacred the ranch, killing almost everybody. The survivor only made it out because she had been plucking mushrooms just outside of the ranch. The rangers have now started a search party for the perpetrators, though no trace has been found as of yet. We will inform the reader of the latest news when it arrives. May the two lovers find peace and each other in the afterlife.
