One expedition to the heart of Gor Vazumbrog saw beasts of shadow and madness, talons clawing at them from all sides; a second expedition found the first, and saw them surrounded only by fog. Another discovered an artifact from the old days of AulDwarov, contorted into a form where all it spewed was antilife magic. A fourth fell sick to a disease which petrified their throats, rendering them unable to speak as dehydration took its toll. With each expedition, a new horror is discovered. At the center of the hold is the Dragon's Wound, created by the Hunter of the Deep when she emerged during the Dragonwake. As she broke through the foundations of the ancient hold, she spewed an endless fog of purple miasma. It acted quickly, rendering everything mad. it contorted the mind, the body, and even inanimate stone, rendering every artifact held in the vaults into a destructive facsimile of what they once were. This miasma continues to contort and change everything in the depths of the hold, and some even say it has created new species of its own. The Deep Hunters, at bare minimum, seem to have emerged from the Wound. Dragonpriest Daltux manages these constant expeditions, growing to understand the horrors of the Hunter with each passing day. After years of her work, two things are clear. The first is that the Wound is horrifying, a place from which death emerges. The second is that the Wound is beautiful, creating life and properties never before seen on Halann. Here, at the heart of the Hunter's work, a primordial chaos reigns. Order is stripped apart, and rendered into madness; walls are torn down, and new things are allowed to grow in their stead. Artificers and mages both learn constantly from the expeditions, and new magics are discovered which previously never could be imagined. Is it any wonder, with all of this, that the Hunter is a goddess of creation? She is, Daltux realizes, a hunter as much as she is a mother. She is a progenitor of change, in all of its forms.
