It was a pitiful sight, to be truthful. The Kheionai rogue had come to Urvand in a storm in the night, haggard and manic, demanding an audience with the Dhavana and not taking it well when he was denied. He could have been executed for murder, when he was finally brought before a groggy Erankar in his throne room, bloody and disarmed, and still dangerous. Jaherios Lykos, see, was never one to be underestimated. The legendary nightblade, spymaster, trickster, and schemer, and illusion mage had served at the side of Laskaris the Conqueror for years, even marrying his daughter. But as was proven after his great idol's death, Lykos was no ordinary Kheionai; the Wolf had plans of his own. His countrymen said he had gone native; the Taychendi just smirked, saying that even a raving madman couldn't help but admire their culture after a couple of festivals and a barrel of pheni. A madman with smart words and cunning tricks, of course, but a madman nonetheless. Just a year ago, he had tried to overthrow the Republic of Ameion, uniting Kheionai and Taychendi under a divine Laskarian monarchy. He had failed. Of course he did—in what wild world would he not? And now in inevitable defeat, the Wolf, limping, wounded, frothing at the mouth, had scurried off to a new master. Lykos dropped to his knees, then deeper still, as he pressed his head to the floor in total supplication, thrusting his hands towards the Dhavana, wrists together as if he were begging for shackles—really, though, he was begging for purpose. "Mercy," he snarled through gritted teeth, barely concealing rage, at those who had defeated him, those who'd defied him. "Mercy, and I will do whatever you ask. Weave your webs, spin your schemes. Mercy, and vengeance." Erankar just laughed. Of course, vengeance. No doubt Lykos would get up to his old tricks, rebuild his power, but it was just as sure that everyone from Ameion to Katelperai hated his guts. Though was that not just a different sort of leash? Lykos had nowhere left to run, after all—and cornered animals are the most dangerous sort.
