And bronzehanded Finnor saw the spire of rock in the ice, and called out to them to seek shelter under its stonewings. But silvertongued Dewa made mind to caution, as did Erra of the Steps of Stone, and gravefelt Galho, with his wraps of snow. Immarel zoned out again as the Everfrost Prince's endless rambling continued, and she struggled to walk as she followed him through the blizzard. Soon after they had left the tip of Aerin, he had begun to recite an epic poem that she had never heard before. Three weeks he had recited it, the endless names and dates and battles confusing her long ago, and she had long lost the will to decipher its meaning. But at last bloodcrowned Kalrod called for peace. Rockshaping Finnor he favoured, and he bid all to stand beneath his new stone throne. When Immarel looked up next, her eyes went wide; before her was a tower of rock, piercing the ice like her own Frostspear. And starborn Kalrod, who had bled and done bleeding for Stel's folk, climbed that tower. And at last he thrust his spear into the rock, Tanalla's streak of silverwhite, that had brought frostdoom to so many, and said. The Prince bade her stay, turning to Immarel and spreading his arms out when he reached the rockface. It is done. The ice shall be our home. The end of our journey has come; for all time, for all age, for all folk, let it be known. And then the Everfrost Prince disappeared in a bolt of light, and Immarel was alone. At the rock face, Immarel found the spear that Kalrod had lodged into it. Above, painted in marked detail, was a mural depicting a battle of two humanoids, each with halos of six stars. She stepped up to it, trodding over a mass of fish skulls that had been built up before it, and with a single firm pull seized the whitemetal spear. The unblemished shaft was cold to the touch, but the tip nearly froze Immarel's glove when she tried to touch it; a precursor make? Or a design of the fey? Immarel was awoken from her musings by an earsplitting screech. She spun around to face the disturbance; a massive Ice Sleeper dragged itself across the snow with its terrible claws, emerging from the storm and snow. Its beady eyes stared deep into her soul, and its lipless mouth hung open, revealing a maw of fangs and teeth. At first, the beast advanced slowly, deliberately; then it charged, screeching again and charging at blinding speed. Immarel raised the spear, and from its tip cast a great shard of ice, rending the beast asunder in a single blow and painting the ice with purplishred blood and viscera. The spear seemed to double as a spellfocus as well. Immarel smiled.
