Norimbur Glassbeard is hard at work in the Centre of Dwarven Medicine, examining a sample of the Serpent's corpse under his high-resolution microscope. When the samples were first brought to the Centre, there was much excitement and theorizing from the doctors, each eager to prove their own theory of disease. As time went on, most of these theories were disproved; diseases do not generate spontaneously from dead matter, nor are they caused only by foul odours or negative emotions. The one theory that remains viable is as ancient as the rest. the idea that somewhere in the air there exists tiny particles that cause disease when inhaled. Many had thought that with the advent of the microscope these particles would be found immediately, but the microscope instead revealed such a wealth of new tiny structures, particles, and organisms that it has been nearly impossible to categorize them all, let alone determine if any of them can cause disease. The knowledge gathering mission was likewise a failure, only highlighting how all of Halann comforts themselves by treating the symptoms and ignoring the causes. Glassbeard has his own, somewhat radical, theory. In his opinion, diseases can only increase and decrease in severity depending on how many of the disease-causing particles are present in the body. Even in safe environments, those with a disease still grow sicker over time. Thus, the particles must be in some measure alive and capable of reproduction. He searched the sediment, rocks, and water fruitlessly for anything that moved or reproduced, but anything that was once alive died in the choking dust and low oxygen of the collapsed cave. Today he finally gets his lucky break; in this section of the decomposing Serpent, rich in nutrients and mixed with the weakly glowing cave water, he observes tiny rods swimming around. As time goes on, these rods divide in two, then each half regrows and divides again, and so on at a shockingly fast rate. As he begins to worry they may never stop reproducing, they die just as quickly, creating a microscopic wasteland before his very eyes. Hurriedly, he takes another sample of the rods and this time introduces the Serpent's cure to it. Immediately, the rods stop splitting; this is ironclad proof of his theory. The rapid reproduction explains how such microscopic beings can become a life-threatening problem so quickly. Unfortunately, the rods are killed by many other mundane substances, and even enough pure water can kill them. Could something so fragile really survive in the sturdy body of a dwarf? Through the night, he continues working. He vows to himself that the one to finally crack the mystery of the Rot will be Norimbur Glassbeard.
