Lothane, we face an evil even worse than the Greentide. They, at least, only killed their victims. Esthíl, meanwhile, Dominic shook his head, trying to put the horrors wrought by the necromancers into words. It is Nerat's responsibility to judge souls, but Esthíl traps the souls of slain orks and goblins, then consumes them utterly to power their fell works, and treats its own citizens only slightly better. What would you have us do, my friend? We are old, stated Lothane, gesturing at the mantle behind him. There, the sword he had wielded during the Greentide rested, rust set upon it. I am no warrior anymore, nor do I command armies. All I do is write about more heroic days, waiting for death to claim me. To call the halfork wizened would be an understatement. His skin was wrinkled, his hair a stark white, and his movements slow. Dominic knew he was little different. As a young man, he had sometimes caught himself indulging in vanity, but now he was a prune of a man. One hundred and something. He should have died years ago, withered away from old age like so many of his friends or peers, but Nerat seemed to favor him and Lothane too. Dominic had no other way to explain their age, advanced well beyond what should have been possible for them. These are dark, dreary days. Escer's forces have swept across much of Escann, smothering opposition. The people do not need a warrior, not even a commander; they need someone to inspire them. Dominic's smile turned wry. Founder of the Faith I might be, but your writings always resonated more with the people. But what more is there to write? Your memoirs are already a cornerstone of the Faith. Would you add Musings of an Old Man, Waiting for Death, to the scripture? Dominic's words were mocking, but if that was what it took to rouse his friend, so be it. Rally the people, Lothane. You think the Circle chose you to lead the Corintar because you were closest to Corin? No, you were always the best of us, that's why. So my friend, rally, and prove to the world once more that you are the Hand of Corin. Call upon the faithful to rally, and remind them of her mission. To fight evil. Seconds trickled by, and just as Dominic feared that he had failed, Lothane rose, glancing back at the rusted sword on the mantle. I shall need a new weapon.
