Immarel considered the words of the scout as she sent them out. A renegade band of a few hundred Hibernal Crusaders, the marauding remains of that bloody war. When Immarel had driven out the Tuathak from Gemradcurt, and the Peitar had killed Harvestcrown at Minnorac, many presumed the Hibernal Crusade, the existential threat to winter that had consumed the north of Eordand, was over and done with. Immarel knew better. The Tuathak would not stop until the Winter Court was exterminated. Even now, remnants of the Autumnal armies still remained in Snecboth territory, looting and killing to their hearts content. They had to go on the offensive to see winter secure, that was for certain. A man's voice, slowpaced and clear as ice, interrupted her musings; Immarel turned to face the sound. Before her stood an elvenlooking man, his skin a pure white and his hair and bright eyes an icy blue. Clad in furs and ornate snowwhite armour, he was beautiful, appearing as some divine link between the Winter and elvenkind. The Everfrost Prince, her patron, stood before her. An Archfey. "You will ride out against the Autumn, but do not forget what I told you before. Beyond the means of destruction lies a far higher power." Immarel nodded affirmatively, turning back to her desk and retrieving a quill and paper; orders. The partnership between Immarel and the Everfrost Prince had been long and fruitful; whether the Prince's influence or her own extraordinary powers came first she did not know, but from her earliest days Immarel could remember the soft words and harsh advice of the Archfey. She had called him "the Frostman" back then, before she knew of his true nature and power. It was he who had spurred her to push past the deaths of her parents with grim determination; to seize direct power from the militarist faction that thought they could control her; to push back the Tuathak and embark on this final journey; and, luck willing, he would be by her side when she seized the ultimate tool that would secure Gemradcurt forever.
