The key was unassuming. Wellwrought, from high grade steel, smooth and angular, yet undecorated. Such a key could open any number of ancient doors or chests, untouched since the hold first fell, but the metal's quality implied its former owner was a dwarf of considerable means. Yet thus far, every door remained unopened, every chest unplundered. This was not in itself unusual; every dwarven hold had its share of secret rooms, of mysterious passages, of hidden mysteries beyond number. Such was part of the joy of delving the halls of one's ancestors. It was practically considered a mark of good fortune to have a mysterious key, for it promised great riches should one be the dwarf holding the right key at the right time. Thus, when Fjalki Stonecarver happened to stop to lace his boot in the Second Annex of the Third Corridor, a shiver of anticipation rushed down his spine when he came to eye level with what could only be, disguised as it was, a keyhole. The key, which he kept on a cord about his neck for luck, was removed with care, and with an intake of breath, Fjalki pushed it inside. He braced himself for the jarring sensation of it catching as he began to turn, but his heart leapt as it turned as though it were slipping through water. With the gentlest push against the wall, seams appeared in the stone where none had existed previously, and the wall became, unmistakable, a door. It swung open without a sound, soft as silk. Fjalki stepped through, onto the first step of a staircase. Turning clockwise, it went down. The chamber was shaped like a great well, with steps ringing its wall ever downwards. The walls were bare, without carvings, or rails, or even sconces for lamps. Fjalki ducked back into the corridor and grabbed a torch from the wall, quickly checking to ensure nobody else would stumble on his discovery. Returning to the well, he held the torch out into the void, and dropped it. The torch tumbled down, and down, and down, shadows flickering from the steps in brilliant patterns. Fjalki watched as the torch fell into a hole as deep as the sky.
