On the final day of the Land of the Skies celebration, two harpies sit alone in an ornate dining room as the dimming sky retreats from the windows. "Why did you agree to the constitution? The Peacocks were aggressive in negotiations, but I always felt that it was a pretense and that only token resistance was offered." "Ah, you did seem more perceptive than your Sparrow colleagues. Look at me. What do you see?" Erreline turned to face her fully and held her arms open with wings slightly outstretched. Alkasa was uncertain what she meant, but took notice of the Merchant Matriarch's features and adornments. Her dress was a fine fabric of reds, purples, and yellows. Her blue wings, exhibiting inwoven peacock feathers of course, were painted with vibrant dyes that dazzled the younger harpy. Jewels fettered to gold bands and chains adorned her arms and neck, crowned by a circlet of blinding white metal. "I wear the Sardiphadin silks of Rahen. My wings sport the Triunic hues of Sinesadma. Alloyed gold and refined gems of the Dwarovar cling to me. Mithril frames my brow. I drink Endralliande tea from Semphrerongi porcelain cups. Bulwari dates pass my lips, paired with Baempes cheese and downed by Lorentish wine. I sit at a table of Lupulan teak and ancient Deepwoods lumber. My grandfather is a Desert Elf, my father was Ghankedheni, my favored husband is Haraf'ne. I am clad in this world. But I look ahead to the world to come. "A great dissolving wind shall come to put an end to this discord of empires, faiths, and cultures. There will be no Cannor, no Haless, no Mulén. There will only be one word and reason for words, one dynamic force of disintegration, transformation, and accumulation. That word is DESIRE. For a rare few; such as myself; blessed with not only wealth but also richness of desire, the world to come is already here. All others must subsist on lesser desires and meager fulfillments. We dilute this force with justifications, partaking in but not submitting to desire. the people in the world to come shall be wiser. There will be nothing else to submit to. This is the coming totality. a world held aloft on this powerful wind. What use is there in conflict with you Sparrows who will be swept away regardless of any effort on our part?" Alkasa's shoulders were slumped and eyes wide with shock, but she considered these words and proffered some of her own. "It is an interesting concept to say the least. But I think that in such a world, a state may unmoor itself from the earth and be swept high on the same winds; transformed into something invisible, omnipresent, and allseeing. The dissolving of barriers between peoples. are these not the same conditions to establish rule? In that case, I think you may find that you all shall not soar alone as you hope, Erreline. We will follow."
