Since the early days of Siadanlén, the followers and descendants of Múla SwiftSparrow have been guided by her vision. Mulén, the nation that bears her very name, rose from the sands and soared aloft on her philosophy to outstretch its wings and now spans from West to East. No harpy could possibly have a comparable legacy to Múla. Until now. Born of a lowborn harpy and a Raheni merchant, a harpy daughter would take up her father's trade and be enriched with the expanding political and economic sphere of Mulén. Given the name "TalonQueen" by her Ghankedheni family, Telarani did not wait for the ponderous advance of Mulén's diplomats and travelled far to make her own trade partners throughout Haless. She returned to the nation of her mother and claimed for herself the surname GoldenPeacock, for in all her spectacular adornments the most bedazzling were peacock feathers inlaid and expanded with gold leaf that were woven into her own plumage. Other harpies in Mulén had found themselves possessed of everincreasing wealth and were beginning to form a cooperative power block. Telarani GoldenPeacock seized this nascent organization for herself, charming most, convincing many, and culling the rest. With Telarani at their head, these Merchant Matriarchs began to spread their influence throughout Muléni commerce and society, all sporting newly acquired peacock feathers of their own. Many harpies of no standing flocked to them, seeking to emulate their success; Telarani's above all; and each of these "Peacocks" wore one feather themselves to express this aspiration. Many took notice of this rising force and were not enthralled. As Telarani and her allies frequently challenged the authority of the ruler of Mulén, a reactionary current arose comprising of those loyal to the ruler and to the legacy of Múla SwiftSparrow that she embodied. Decrying the Peacocks and their Merchant Matriarchs as defaming the nation's philosophy of understanding to promote a philosophy of base avarice, the ranks of these "Sparrows" swelled with incensed nobles, administrators, and traditionalists. Though buoyed by the support of the Sparrows, the line of Múla found itself unable to stamp out the creeping reach of the Merchant Matriarchs and their Peacocks. The recent death of Telarani by uncertain means has sparked a new age of internal discord in Mulén, as the Peacocks and the Sparrows fight for political and cultural dominance.
