As the sun entered its descent, Carleon Blacktower continued to trot around his recently attained estate. Its palatial nature would have allowed many to be distracted, the previous bickering owners for one. Those who had all but destroyed the last hope of the domain with petty disputes even as the kingdom lay in ruin. But for him the air of the place tasted strange in his lungs and prevented finding such peace here. The deal that they had made to keep this place weighed on him, the truth of why they had always been so patient hiding in this sanctuary amid the ruins of what had been all their homes. He remembered the flight across from a nearby realm, all the members lost along the way as they fought to join the nascent beginnings of this resistance where the minor nobility had gathered after the major died first. Carleon looked back to a time when his only worries were the sordid history of his forebears, the disrespect of a certain noble house. When he could breathe and smell the apples they grew back home. A place all but unknown to his daughter, somewhere he might never see again if he failed in leading the people of their stronghold. Larrien had saved him, his constant bulwark; she kept him from joining the ranks of the sour and dour among those who survived the difficult times only in that they remained breathing with all that made someone alive drained by harrowing experience. Larrien and Kalista kept him from feeling that same pull. The arrival of a certain group had revitalised his friends, moreso when he came to them with the plan to remove the incompetent and scared prior leader of the League. Rescuing a certain individual had been a welcome bonus, Carleon taking a liking to the half-orc, finding in their normalcy hope for all their future. The messenger pigeon had come with the news of the previous day; its contents were why he had taken time to consider by his lonesome. A newcomer to the Court she would be, but like a certain mythical creature she had not stayed long. She had redeemed a place from all beings; there’d be hope yet for those inheriting a loathsome pact. He wheeled about and cantered home. He still lived and he still had a beautiful daughter. Old he might be, he’d see the domain restored in full yet.
