Steam Barons guide the ruler to the observation pavilion. They walk ahead of the monarch with the utmost confidence and joy. Just from observing them, it is clear that they view the project as an astounding success. What the monarch sees from the pavilion overlooking what they call The Reactor stuns the monarch. The machine utilizes and harnesses the power of the rage from Vîlngan, leashing it for the monarch's purpose. But the monarch cannot help but feel disgusted, as what the Steam Barons call a machine was very clearly a living being. What used to be the joy of the people, our big old Vîlngan, is now desecrated and brought into unlife. The Reactor in its chest guides the flow of the lava through the whole length of the upper body, gathers it at the heart before guiding it out through the feet. The intense heat of the molten rock and metal resonates with the long sleeping corpse and has woken it up. The Fire Giant's gaze, once vacant in death, now seems almost pained. It bares its teeth behind its desiccated flesh. Its limbs are framed and restrained within the greater yoke of supports around The Reactor. Its muscles flex beneath its black, dried skin. Yet, the Fire Giant is still unable to sustain the heat and without the machine embedded within, it would again die. The escort continues speaking, "If we give the signal, the Core of the Reactor will start and add to the circulation of lava. The addition is what allows us to strengthen the rage." The Baron then gives the signal and a monotone rhythm soon starts. Ba, Dum. Ba, dum. The lava does indeed move faster now and the monarch can feel some dark emotion burn hotly within the monarch. Something wrathful that sends flashes of rage and intrusive thoughts into the monarch's mind. Steam Barons look at their creation with obsessive eyes and then turn towards the ruler. They want a comment, yet it is clear that this is a formality and they do not truly care. "It's great," the monarch blurts out, feeling even smaller in the room. The only thing anyone actually hears is the monotone thump of the "Core of the Reactor"; the unliving heart of Vîlngan. The Reactor has been constructed, and while the monarch can personally attest to it being a gruesome sight, the effects will no doubt show themselves soon.
