Roads were blocked by large carriages carrying what seemed like the entire inventory of the university's department of archeology as they went towards the Golden Dome. It was an organized chaos, one to finally uncover the secrets of the Sarda's ancestors. Journalists and a large portion of the local intelligentsia gathered here as well, not wanting to miss a possible grand discovery. Professor Tyaphon, though normally not someone to skip media attention, decided that no journalist was allowed onto the site until further clues were found. He wanted to protect his young students so they could focus on the task at hand, and the university to prevent any of those same students from making bold claims or statements while working for the institution. Milon was put in charge of the investigation. But while they were trying to peel back the gold, a protest broke out. A group of Sarda conservatives and cultural conservationists protested the project and claimed it was nothing but outsiders damaging their heritage to boost their own ego and prestige. Tyaphon, being half-Sarda and half-Epednar, tried to explain that this investigation could lead to the finding of the lost remnants of their ancestors. And he even, in order to protect his students, proclaimed that if they were wrong, that he would take all the blame and would resign from his position immediately. And while some still protested, most accepted the promise Tyaphon made. Though Milon had a problem. He was certain that there was something underneath the gold, yet he had no idea how to get the gold layer to peel off like had happened with the stave. Clueless, he asked a friend who studied metallurgical sciences. And by recalling what he had done with the stave, his friend remarked that perhaps it was the oil that did it. He explained. "You dropped the oil-covered stave; it then fell and a very small crack developed. The oil seeped into the crack, and because the stave was as you said quite cold on the inside, the oil thickened and expanded, causing a part of the gold layer to peel away." Thinking it might actually work, Milon made a small incision into the dome with a chisel and then poured in shimmer oil. And lo and behold, the gold peeled away on the edges of the incision. And after pouring on enough oil to fill the Ynn river, did the team uncover a layer of hidden inscriptions which looked just like those on the stave. But they still had no clue what they meant. Luckily, Tyaphon knew what to do. Being an academic and a rector of the Ravelian Church gave him access to resources like no other, including the aid of the clergy in convincing the local population to share more on the history of the protoSarda. And so a special group of Sarda and human clergy got tasked with a very simple mission. to get as much knowledge from the local populace on the protoSarda as possible. It would take some time, but slowly they could piece together a rudimentary alphabet to translate the inscriptions on the dome. They were also able to deduce that the vault was not just used for treasure or knowledge, but to provide shelter to the elites of the precursors. All this information came from talking with the previously reluctant Sarda intelligentsia, the gathering of clues via archeological finds in the region, and the gathering of old Sarda texts and scriptures. And with all this information, one location seemed to be the most plausible. Lake Taspasu. A lake deep in the Ekyunimoy Mountainrange and the source of the Isobel river. It is most likely a hard, long journey, though our archeotopographs theorize that there used to be a path from Paihubi to the vault, one which we could try to follow. We just need to convince the University and the state to sponsor an expedition.
