Armand's carriage crossed a stone bridge and headed northwest towards a great ring of walls spanning the horizon. He gazed at the setting sun, and a warm wind blew through his hat and the seatings of his carriage, as he absently listened to the chatter of his companions. "When I'll be done with these ruinborn, they will call me Emperor, and I'll have a concubine for every hair colour." A brawny, rowdy redhead spoke. "I don't think the ladies of Sarda will be interested in your advances, if they're anything like the elven women back home." A brunette boy with a cape and glasses promptly joked, sporting a grin. "What about you, Armand?" The clanking of the city gates interrupted them, and past the guardpost they peered at Arverynn's interior. a wide street was lined up with tall houses decorated in wavy serpentine patterns, and sprawling trees with leaves and flowers skillfully cared for. The street continued for kilometers, at times surrounded by pristine tall structures and overarching ropeways, at times lined up with nothing but humble grass, as it winded through the Karel mounds over which Arverynn's districts were distributed; one Karel stood taller than all, making the rest figure as the Lower City. it was Vyrisar Hill, atop which was a castle known to the locals as 'Drelven Vezl', the Teal Keep. People traversing the streets were both magical and mundane; pointyeared city guards in glimmering mail somberly watched traders of colourful robes accompanied by pet dogs or carts full of wine drawn by antlered creatures. The strike of a hammer and the spark of a furnace were followed by a glow of magical energy; ominous choirs came from places of worship, and you could see folk sporting a bat nose, tribal paint and ivory necklaces true to the Cannorian conception of Ruinborn. Arverynn was a city of beauty, and while beauty alone does not deter human greed, the wouldbe conquerors somberly understood that the legend they were trying to take on still bore a similar magnitude as the inviolable glades of Iorellen or the booming metropolis of Anbenncóst.
