One House must rule. This statement has dominated our nation since the very moment we split from the Federation, but today once and for all the decision must be made. In the large council chambers of Qarshtuluu, five representatives each from the five most prominent noble houses meet with the monarch to discuss the matter privately. House Seemas, the last royal house of Valralahdi, is known throughout the entire Lakes. They only relinquished control when their Grand Prince was forced to step down in two five zero A A. House Seemas is famous for their sheltering of thousands of Zabatlari refugees in one zero nine A A under Grand Prince Edvaar, and having maintained both their wealth and popularity within the city of Valralahdi. They would make for a just royal family that ensures the prosperity of not just the upper class, but of all citizens. House Omyyska, a minor royal house of Vahjevgiiv that weathered the slaughtering of royal families through sheer tenacity and ruthless pragmatism. House Omyyska is viewed with both awe and fear by other houses. Their soldiers are second to none, their generals born from the fires of the siege of Qarshtuluu and trained to fight both Man and Centaur from the age of seven. They would make for a formidable royal family, ensuring the military might and dominance of Sunijalla against all enemies, both internal and external. House Hirkine, a minor royal house known for their shrewd business knowledge, rumored to control and manipulate nearly every transaction both fair and foul. Surviving by using their deep pockets to bribe and barter thousands of peasants, they have survived hidden in the shadows of Qarshtuluu for centuries. They would make for a rich royal house, able to command trade and commerce across the lakes for the benefit of the monarchy for centuries to come. House Tieräsne, recently having been founded under a supposed last heir of the old royal dynasty of Länkuuhsta. While new, they have made massive headways in gaining the support of the Forge City, and have only been rising in popularity with their innovative and reformist policies. They would make for a modern royal house, able to win the hearts and minds of the common people for the cause of Monarchy everywhere. House Arhunen, a minor royal family based in Akuutengen known for their hard work and naval expertise, have unexpectedly grown in great prominence over the years. Surviving by disguising themselves as common Treasure Fleet sailors, they promise to capitalize on recent years’ explosion of explorers eager to map both land and sea, as well as follow legends of mystical and magical places never before seen by Triunic civilization. They would make for an adventurous royal house, able to astonish the people with endless new discoveries – not only physically, but in science, technology, navigation, and more. The time has come to choose. One House must rule.
