Sometimes, when he closed his eyes and let his mind wander, the soft splashing of the nearby river and the warm heat of the sun on his face made Karodir forget for a moment where he was. No longer in the meticulously maintained garden of his villa in a domain, his thoughts drifted to the memory of the palace gardens of another realm. Back when he was no mere archmage, however accomplished, but a king in his own right. But in the end, events happen as they will in Surael’s magnificent Order, and even Karodir, who will openly admit to not being overly prone to excessive introspection or doubt, might admit, at least to himself, that it may have been for the best that the most ambitious project he initiated back home in a kingdom never came to fruition. As they say, hindsight is always easier than foresight, but for all the good intentions that went into the conception of Project Divinity, it turned out that it was never truly needed. The people of a domain never needed an artificial godling to bolster their faith after decades of internecine warfare between the sun elven Chosen; all it took was a fiery prophet charging out of the desert with an inner fire lit by Surael Himself, or at least that was the claim made by Jaddar. As soon as he heard of the fall of a city, he knew which way the wind was blowing, and Karodir has always prided himself to be, amongst his many other qualities, a survivor. Instead of letting the desert wind bury him beneath the sands of time, he chose to join the venture of similarly farsighted Ecaris, who saw the writing on the wall as well, and donated what resources his kingdom could spare to the expedition, himself and his loyal cadre of students foremost among them. Back then he might not have realised it himself, but this course of events was clearly the Will of Surael, for only by travelling to these distant shores could he finally discover his true purpose as a scholar, a mage and a devout follower of Surael. Only here, in this vast realm firmly in the grasp of the Darkness, could he atone for his hubris. Only here could he forge something marvellous in service of the Light out of the timehonoured arcane traditions of both Bulwari and Elves, be they sun elven descendants of the Migrant Fleet or the scions of ruin that call these shores their home.
