It was a day like any other. Horutep rose from the throne from which he had issued orders through the night, and passed by a thousand nations in the faces of his loyal courtiers on the way to his window. He gazed out and saw in the light of dawn a sorrow made more of barges than of water, with prosperity overflowing its banks. He would have to see about establishing a few temporal rifts along the river to accommodate the excess traffic; there was a slow day nine years and ten days ago that should be able to fit it all. Horutep stepped out his window and began to fall towards the stepped pyramid where his cheering throngs were waiting. It was a simple matter to manipulate gravity in this way, but it never failed to drive his subjects to adulation. He landed upon the top level of the pyramid, and gazed out on a city that contained cities itself, which in turn were filled with the greatest works upon Halann. From here, the people always appeared so small. He felt the connection between himself and each one of them, and their worship inspired in him benevolence. As he did each day, he knelt then atop the pyramid to grant thanks to all the Khet and the gods and was struck by a realization that carried the unmistakable ring of truth. He then knelt deeper into the stone of the pyramid, raised his paws to the skies, and cried out. “O Navigator. Past the world of Halann and past the Khet and past all the Astral lie walls of metal, and these contain our realm. What lies past them? I do not know, except that it contains you. Why have you taken such interest in us, then? Why have you in your great wisdom steered us from a pack among the wastes eating carrion to the kingdom at the center of the world? Was it to give rise to me? If it was, O Navigator, your work is completed. I was once a gnoll and am now a god. Your world may now rest safely in my paws. We have long needed a Navigator such as you to direct us in perfect harmony to greater aims, but in your wisdom I know you can now see. I can be Navigator. I can steer us on further, and finish the work you started. Rest now, O Navigator, for you have created divinity.”
