Legions of orks were gathered around the longhouse for an important speech. Several orkish warriors, carrying their axes and wearing their armor, stood at attention. The sound of horns drew the orks to attention as an elderly female ork exited the longhouse. Her black hair had gone gray a long time ago and her slumped posture was imposed on her by her advanced age. She used a staff as a cane to lean on as two elite warriors flanked her. Grama was not a typical ork chieftain. Instead of being middleaged and muscular, she was old, frail, and blind. But the Clouded Eye clan was not like other clans. Where the other clans prioritized physical strength, Clouded Eye proudly proclaimed wisdom as the real strength. In that sense, Grama was the strongest chieftain of all the Greentide clans. Grama coughed, earning the immediate attention of the orks present. “My children,” she started as she addressed the crowd, “I have come to talk about the prophecy I saw all those years ago. We have followed Dookanson out of the Serpentspine to attack those accursed humans whose gods chained Dookan. We were the glue that kept our holy war from falling apart before reaching the White Walls. We were the tacticians who turned Rottenstep from a defeat into a death trap for the humans who tried to take what was rightfully ours. And it was us who went to claim these hills filled with gold when our savior was slain.” Grama coughed into her hand, seeing blood stain her green, wrinkled skin. She knew she didn’t have much time left. The shamans told her in private that she only had a few months left to live. An invisible foe was killing her, one that not even the most trained healers could stop. She wiped her hand subtly on her dress before continuing, “It has been an honor to lead the Clouded Eye clan and act as the hands of Dookan. It is with great sorrow that I announce that as of tomorrow, I will no longer be chieftain. I will delegate to the Council of Shamans to manage succession. The Clouded Eye has shown me that if I was to remain chieftain until my inevitable passing, that our great clan would perish as one of the many clans to fall to the humans.” She pointed to a passing procession of enslaved humans captured from Dogeater. Grama raised her hands, drawing everyone’s attention. “My children, I’ll leave you off with one last phrase.
