It is coming, it is coming. As the dawn broke and people began their day, a lone cowboy entered Plumstead City in great panic. A beast of unparalleled proportions is coming towards the city. It is a whale, such as the locals warned them, yet larger than even they could imagine. Panic ensued, and many feared that this whale, the size of a mountain, could annihilate the entirety of the Plumstead colony in one slide. The government, paralyzed by the fact that they had been warned before and that they had no measures put in place, issued a hastened evacuation to an area away from the likely path of the whale. And while the populace of Plumstead City went into a panicked evacuation, a lone Epednar knight stood afar, observing the chaos which gripped the city and the massive posakawa hurtling towards it. He rushed towards the beast, clad in pots and plates, spear in hand. Flanking the majestic monster, the lone Epednar tried to get to the front of the beast, yet it was too fast. Thinking quickly, he jumped onto its back, the rubble crashing upon his armor like a rain of stone. He then ran forward on the back of the great beast, all the while his horse, free of the weight of the hunter, sped up to meet him at the front of the creature. Rocks and rubble flew towards the hunter, as if the whale tried to defend itself, yet he made it to the front. And with great strength and speed, he plunged the spear through the beast's eye. It surprised the beast so much that it flipped to the side, as if flying through the air. It crashed down on the ground, causing the spear to plunge even deeper into its head, killing it in the process. The hunter meanwhile jumped off the creature back onto its loyal and fearless steed and galloped to safety. The impact of the beast crashing down made the earth tremble, sending a massive dust cloud into the air. Dead on the ground and the dust cloud settling, the inhabitants of Plumstead City came to see the beast themselves. Some immediately tried to climb on top of it, others looked for something to throw at the beast to channel their fears and frustrations over this monstrosity. And the lone knight? He left the scene even before he could be thanked, never to be seen again. Afterwards the government would set up better defenses against the posakawa and started to hire Epednar scouts to be on the lookout for these beasts. But all in all, one thing was clear, the Epednar had to be thanked for saving Plumstead one way or the other.
