Emil looks upon the statue of his order’s namesake in the courtyard of the city. Before him is the young woman who alone killed the terrible Lich, Cancer the Defiler, her feat immortalized in history. They say she was strong, cunning, beautiful, and one of the few true heroes to exist that made darkness itself blink. He would be an iconoclast to besmirch her, to speak his true mind of what he thought of the founder of the Order of Saint Aldresia. She was larger than life, and every young knight in this great castle’s walls and throughout the region sought to emulate her. How many idealistic youths perished in the Greentide following in her footsteps? How many second sons threw away their birthrights to be regulated into hallway guards for slothful first born? Generations forsook their lives and the Empire became worse for it. “Emil.” The Grandmaster shouts, stepping down with a retinue of twenty knights, their gunblades drawn. “I didn’t know I was so popular, Grandmaster.” Emil smiles, stepping forward with his chin up. “Grab him; we execute him in a fortnight.” The Grandmaster’s face is grave. The confrontation has begun to wake the castle. “You were warned to stay away, you have dishonored.” “Do you even have the authority to execute anyone? Are you even Grandmaster after the Emperor dropped us all like toy soldiers?” Emil snaps, forcing back two of the knights as more Aldresians arrive to watch the confrontation. “Brothers and sisters. Is this what we deserve? To be tossed out like dogs? Not even fed scraps as they gorge themselves in the capital? We fight and die for the Empire, and we second sons are thrown asunder to be forgotten or worse, actively hated.” The Grandmaster tries to shout Emil down, but to no avail. “NO. I AM NO SECOND SON.” Scores of Aldresians growl in budding resentment. “If you wish to be as feckless as Grandmaster Delian was in his time, go ahead, I have no need for you. But if you wish to seize your birthright, what you are owed. Join me, raise your blades and banners for me. I will lead the way.” Emil howls, and the Order makes its choice.
