Weary but quietly content, Erendil retraced his steps, as familiar sights slowly emerged from the verdant shade of the Deepwoods. It had been another long but successful hunt, and soon his feet carried him on familiar paths to his village. Some of the buildings on the outskirts still bore the scars of battle. the last desperate attempts by orkish raiders to reject their fate and stem a seemingly inexorable rosetide that ended their reign of terror here in the Deepwoods. As he entered the village square, he spotted a convoy of carts, heavily encumbered with the finest lumber the Deepwoods could offer. It was departing for a distant realm, and for a moment the sight reminded him of the processions of chained orks leaving his home forever, defeat, disbelief, uncertainty and fear indelibly etched on their savage faces. The woods were quieter since then, but it was the calm quiet of peace that he and his kin could now enjoy under the protection of the ashen rose. Garl, or Galin as his masters called him, was crouching in the vineyard, harvesting a bunch of grapes low on the vine. His aching back protested each movement, his latest whip marks breaking open over and over. Years and years of bondage had taught him to ignore the pain and proceed with his work, lest he catch the cruel attention of overseers eager to remind their charges of the consequences of laziness or truculence. Sadly, this lesson had not been internalized by all his fellow slaves; in particular, the latest batch of Deepwoods orks were prone to catch the whip for the intermittent bursts of pugnacity they still exhibited. Some of the elders in the barracks became mistyeyed by such futile pugnacity, recalling their glory days during a past rebellion, but Garl knew better. Freedom was a fool’s dream for an ork, and all it brought was the snap of the whip. The summer heat gave the air a hazy, almost dreamlike quality, and the calming chirping of the cicadas was only interrupted once in a while by the crack of whip meeting flesh. A lord sat in the shade of his pavilion, gazing over the gently undulating landscape of his plantation, enjoying the breeze created by the constant motion of peacock fans. He idly scooped up a bite of rose sorbet, kept cool by magically preserved ice hauled from the Serpentspine peaks. Being responsible for maintenance of the proper order of society is a tasking duty, but it does come with some perks, he thought to himself, as his eyes roved over the teeming rows of orkish slaves tending to the fields.
