It was a night like any other. The Sodden Salt, the sixth or seventh finest tavern in the capital, was filled with clients. Everywhere within its walls, the Salt was a bustling hive of activity. Customers were packed cheek to jowl. A mob had formed around a man in one of the booths of the tavern, where a pirate captain returned from Alecand was holding court. Of course, he was so drunk that most of what he said was garbled nonsense, and the rest was lies. Along the far wall, a group of pirates played a round of knife throwing, their knives clattering against the handles of knives already stuck in the wall. The seats around them were mostly empty. At the centre of the Salt stood its pride and fame. the rum cask. Oh, the rum. It was made of the sixth or seventh finest type of sugarcane in all of the Ruined Sea. The Salt prided itself on a rum that was almost drinkable. It was surrounded by a mob of pirates, all clamouring for their next mug of rum. But then, the unthinkable happened. A pirate shoved his way to the space in front of the rum tank, opened its flow of rum, and nothing came out. A curious hush spread out from the rum tank. Activity stopped. It grew ever quieter, until the pirate stood up on a table. The whole tavern was silent, their eyes fixed on him. He was wearing a red doorag. He posed a question to the rapt audience. A forbidden and terrible question. Why is the rum gone? The Sodden Salt heard these words, and reacted with grace. A few fights broke out on the spot. The rest of the pirates began to break out into a chant. Why is the rum gone? Why is the RUM GONE? If the atmosphere in the tavern was strange before, it was getting otherworldly now. The tavern filled with an unthinking kind of rage; the rage that drives men to do desperate things. A conspicuously empty tankard hit a bartender in the face. But then, deliverance. From the back of the tavern came a new cask of rum, even larger than the last. It was placed in the centre of the tavern. The pirate poked at it. Cautiously, fearfully, he turned on the spigot. Rum came out. The cheers could be heard from the next island over.
