Laskaris gripped the side of the boat as it sailed into port. The city of Kiman Laskaris drew closer, and Taychend with it. Six years of war, four years of peace, and he had already transformed his strip of Taychend into something greater. He'd seized the great ruins of Kannalulthe, defeated the rump Gophirans at Bukénthia, but there was so much more to be done. He had learned how to conquer Taychend; now he just needed to do it. He closed his eyes, took a deep breath; for a moment, he recalled his childhood. A Bharbhen father he never knew, a Kheionai mother ashamed of his existence. Destitute and dissolute. Then he remembered his travels in Taychend as a young man, saw in his mind's eye a Taychend in bloom; the river barges sailing full on the still water, the children at play in the furrowed fields, the passion and the beauty of their people. Then he remembered a Taychend at war; the devastation, the senseless war and violence, the burned villages and the charred bodies. He knew Taychend; knew its terrible faults, and its boundless glory; and he left knowing his purpose. "Laskaris," Kerodinsis Arpedan, his second in command, called from behind. "I've brought a report from that nightblade, Lykos. Imarchend looks weak." Laskaris nodded as he took it in hand, skimmed it, passed it back. "I'll make my decision when we reach shore." Arpedan nodded back, turned on his heel and left. Laskaris had help. He had Kerodinsis, fighting by his side, Irenthenes and his wife Devenithe holding the fort in Ameion, loyal supporters like Lykos; and he had his soldiers, his comrades, those with whom he had shared so much pain and pride. He had an entire nation at his back. And yet. Fifteen years stood between him and death, maybe almost sixteen with luck. The skeletal form of the Fateweaver of Korrimutren had given him more than prophecy; it had given him certainty. And through certainty? Immortality. The clock ticked. He had fifteen years to expand his domains, fifteen years to build a state that lasts.
