Hireet attacks first. She has better reflexes than her Coven sisters, and besides, the Vile One has never seen her Granny so stunned. Surging with shadow magic, the Vile One instinctively throws up a wall of fog between Hireet and her own ritualists. Hireet lands a hammer blow on the wall with her bare fists, and the Vile One physically staggers. But her fog does not yield. They have never understood the fog. Never been able to make it. The Vile One realizes now; it is a substance both shadow and material. It belongs here in a way they do not. "Traitor," Hireet bellows, and like a tug, the accusation seizes Hireet’s trolls, echoing for miles around. A tumult rises beyond the bleached trees, a roar of noise and rage. Hireet is the hag of tribalism, the one who identifies the enemy of the people. Her judgment is as good as command. The Vile One speaks into General Umorozi’s mind, "Defend yourself," and simultaneously reaches for her shadow soldiers. She has to trust it will be enough. The lattice of the ritual is broken; the immense surge of shadow magic, a pool infinite in depth and breadth, is already spreading and washing through the Vile One’s entire being, suffusing all Sarhal. She will not be so strong for long. The tide of power will equalize across her span. She must get her people out now. She encompasses them in her strange fog, that which even the Coven cannot make. In this moment of sublime potency, she can carry each and every one of them together through the grey. And when she is done, she stands shrouded in the stuff, untouchable for a moment. "Ingrate. Useless, preening daughter." Hireet is fury incarnate, three storeys tall. The Vile One finally wrenches her glance towards her Granny, who says nothing, merely watches. How she wishes she could be so circumspect, so wisely silent. But there is too much hatred in her; perhaps she is too much like her mother. "Never truly daughter, Hireet," she says, her smile stiff. "I think we all know that, don’t we?" Hireet snarls. "We will hunt you down, traitor bitch. Your sycophants will watch as we flay you alive."
