At long last, our great work is on the precipice of completion. All over Zenzarkand we have erected sacred pillars to act as links in the great web intended to bring our lands and our people together. And by bringing them together, we shall bring them closer to His Light. On this momentous day, everything has been accounted for, all potential weak spots in the network eradicated, leaving no avenue of attack open for clandestine servants of the Dark. And as the final Sahabaš sphere is placed in the central control console, radiant beams of light emerge from all towers of the network, finding each other across vast distances and weaving a radiant web of light covering all of Zenzarkand. Aside from the obvious advantages of our sacred SarAreš for communication, trade and military purposes, it serves an additional, hidden purpose. Over the next weeks and months, the wild magic storms ravaging Hinedíu Yulas happen with ever decreasing frequency, allowing the land the opportunity to truly heal. In the vast reaches of the Effelai, the shattered and fragmented remnants of the hivemind that have survived its dissolution fall into an eternal sleep, calming their uncomprehending anguish. The vile leechmen cease their incessant attacks on surface dwellers as their malign false god falls silent. The deadly sands of the Kaydhano Sea no longer drift away at the slightest breeze, granting the island of Alecand a respite it has not experienced in over a millennium. And as for the Ruinborn children of this tortured land, our cousins which we took under our wing, they, too, have shown signs that the curse, laid on them by the foul deeds of those amongst our shared ancestors who in their arrogance shattered the world, has begun to be lifted, their control over magic forces improving by leaps and bounds. While it is beyond even our vast might to undo the suffering endured by far too many generations after the Day of Ashen Skies, we can at least ensure that some form of justice is enacted by granting our Ruinborn siblings access to at least part of our shared legacy.
