The slaves attending the ruler flinched as they hurled a drinking cup across the tent. When they upended the table, they scattered. Meat and bone and gold and silver clattered to the floor. The source of their anger was obvious to all – the human population of Akasik had risen up in revolt, led by some rabblerouser called “JackalHearted Kayir”. Already much of the eastern mountains had been lost, and thousands of gnolls had been killed. “Fools.” The monarch snarled through beared teeth, as they drew their femurhandled cutlass and brandished it against their subordinates. “Fools and traitors.” The ruler leapt over the upturned table and grabbed the governor of east Deshak by the scruff of her neck. The gnoll whimpered as she felt her lord’s blade against her belly, their maw an inch from hers. “Why are you here, Suvnaazh.? Why.? Half the Akasik burns, Kayir does not, and yet you are HERE.” The governor let out a nervous laugh as she sputtered. “The rebels– they crushed my forces.” Saliva dribbled out from between Suvnaazh’s daggerlike teeth as she rushed to stammer an explanation. “Killed half my pack. They’re in the east but– I can go back. Fix this–.” The monarch surged forwards – in the same instant as their blade sliced open her belly, the ruler’s teeth plunged deep into her throat. The ruler ripped their maw away, tearing flesh and tasting blood, and threw Suvnaazh’s corpse at the other assembled packlords, her hanging entrails wrapping around her as she flew. The governor’s body hit the ground hard at their feet. Some suppressed laughs, born half out of fear and half out of satisfaction, from a rival defeated or punishment delivered. The ruler pointed their blade at the other gnolls in the tent. “Kryzzaar. Ryreis. Armez. Take your direhyenas and kill every man you see out of line. The rest – to me.” The monarch raised their sword high as the other gnolls began to cackle, beating their chests in affirmation. “The pyres will grow high–.” The monarch snarled, as they bore a bloodystained smile, wide and hungry, “–from either the blood of Kayir’s men, or any gnoll who dares fail me again.”
