The Šadnatu have for too long been in a state of constant conflict and subjugation under the Sandfang. While initially we presumed it might be a simple affair to keep the oppressor and the oppressed separated, even peaceful, already furious petitioners from even faroff human townships climb the roost to petition the Matriarch, their senseless, rage-driven demands drowning out more sensible solutions in the Matriarch's hall. The Gnolls, those who at the very least respect our power and authority, offer tribute; gold and slaves; in return for respecting their control in the region, both over the land and the Humans within. Our wings have covered many, and under their shade, our people and vassals have thrived. Peace and prosperity are greeting all who submit. Oh, there is grumbling, of course, but eventually, all realize it is easier to be in service to the nest than against it. Gnolls, however, have little care for most things; their culture predisposes them towards subservience, but seemingly nothing can stop their bloodlust and propensity towards sacrifice and violence. The Gnolls have long worshipped demons, foul beings with fouler ideas that have driven the Gnolls to conquer and sacrifice for generations, bringing them and their opponents to ruin again and again in long, self-destructive wars. The Humans, though without the same troublesome beliefs, are almost as violent, and if given the chance, would surely take out their anger on their former oppressors. They are not well known for restraint in delicate situations. Now, as we attempt to integrate the Gnolls and return lands to the Humans, both sides endlessly jockey for power, control, and even blood. If we were to do nothing, it would not be long before yet another large-scale conflict would break out, and the endless cycle of generational slaughter would begin once more. Usually, we grant our territories autonomy, with some concessions, of course. But this? For both the longsuffering Humans and for the overall peace of the region, we must take them under our wings, directly. In our shade, the Humans will have peace, their lands, and safety, and the Gnolls will learn a new, better way. Our way.
