Immarel walked through the wreckage of the town, metalplated, skeletal and unarmoured bodies alike strewn about the streets, until at last she met the cause of all this devastation. A young man, a boy really, withdrew his sword from the plated visor of a rebellious knight, wiping the blood off the blade and then stabbing it into the ground. As his leader approached, the boy flicked his dark black hair out of his eyes, turned to her, and performed a crisp salute. "All hostiles eliminated, ma'am." "At ease, Captain; you did good work here." The young captain nodded and complied, as she looked him up and down; barely a scratch on him. The boy, who was known to all only as the Balladeer, for the stories that were sung within the Eiganrac of his fame, was the youngest ever Captain of the Eiganrac. He had learnt to hold a sword at nine, to kill at thirteen, and by his promotion last year, at fifteen, he had already proved himself many times over. "Another successful mission." Immarel smiled as she spoke. "Your legend grows by the day, Captain; it won't be long until everyone in Gemradcurt knows your name." The Balladeer turned away, looking around the devastated town as Immarel blushed from her mistake; eventually, his eyes fixed on a burning house, collapsing under the weight of the flames. "It's alright; I don't really care about names, my Lady. All I need is to fight for you." Immarel winced as she realised what he was about to say. She had heard this before; many times before; but she knew how much the words meant to the boy. "When my real mother abandoned me, you saved me; took me in. I'll never forget that." He turned back to Immarel. "You're immortal. You won't die. Won't leave. So I'll serve you, name or no name, for as long as I can. That's all I live for." Immarel simply gave a curt nod, then turned and walked back to her elk without another word. She noticed tears welling in her eyes, and reached up with fingers that were not her own to wipe them away. She couldn't bear to tell him the truth; that his mother, a young woman of great magical ability and a striking physical resemblance to Immarel's original body, had been selected by her as a replacement body. She was reminded of Varlengeilt's words; his mother had not abandoned him, she had been murdered so that Immarel could keep a warm body and a pretty face. Immarel had done all she could for the boy; given him the best training, fasttracked him through the Eiganrac, cultivated his immense skills and abilities; but even now, she felt it all so little. Immarel's face was downcast as she mounted her white elk. As she left, she looked back to the town, muttering under breath choked with tears.
