Ecaris had long since lost sight of the other members of the battalion under his command, the constant ambushes and desperate battles against hordes of seedthralls bursting through the undergrowth having long since eliminated all thought of marching discipline or orderly combat rows. Swinging his trusted wishblade Dazinkion, he sliced through scores of enemies, who for all their deceptively malnourished appearance fought with reckless abandon and a berserk rage. Rushing through halfcollapsed tunnels formed by ruins overgrown with vegetation and narrow paths between cliffs that could be either natural or elfmade structures decayed beyond recognition, he slowly but steadily approached his target. A massive mound containing the local hub of the Effelai intelligence that was coordinating the assaults along this part of the frontline. With almost no warning, he stumbled onto what must have been a vast plaza ages ago, before him the pulsating verdant mass of the mound. Ecaris warily approached his target, and only his caution allowed him to evade the tree used as a club by a monstrosity, tall as four men and appearing to be crafted from untold seedthralls woven together by pulsating vines, that guarded the central hub. A desperate battle ensued, with Ecaris avoiding the earthshattering strikes raining down on him by a hair's width. Any cut he managed to inflict on his opponent began to heal almost immediately. But after a seeming eternity he finally saw an opening and with an almighty jump he propelled himself on the back of the creature and jammed his wishblade deep into its suppurating flesh. Channelling all the power of an elemental core into Dazinkion, he wished for dawn, and a shining bright light started to erupt from fissures appearing all over the creature, widening with each moment until the grotesque servant of the Effelai was consumed in a blinding blast of light. Gathering his last remaining strength, Ecaris began to slowly ascend the mound, all too aware that any moment new reinforcements of the enemy might arrive, but he reached the apex undisturbed. Once there, it was a simple matter of planting the Inscripted sunburst containers and triggering their activation sequence. Not so simple was the subsequent flight down the mound, desperately trying to avoid the snares formed by the twitching vines. With only seconds to spare, Ecaris jumped behind a ruined wall that only barely shielded him from the conflagration that marked the end of this particular subordinate instance of the enemy.
