The party was raucous; perhaps the most raucous of them all. With the latest shipment of wine for the national cellar, the ruler had decided to finally open it up to the whole city of Wineport; everyone, from the lowest pauper to the richest wine baron, would be able to have a bottle for themselves. As the whole city swayed like they were on the deck of a ship, there was an even still grander party in the halls of the ruler's grand residence, where assembled guests drank from the most prestigious wines available in the national cellar. Wines that had been held there for decades, even centuries, were pulled forth to be supped. All of the grand wines that previous rulers had sent people to acquire or acquired themselves were brought out to be enjoyed, alongside wines merchants and barons had presented as gifts. One baron’s glass glowed with the magical potency of Varilleni Special, another savoured the rich taste of the Red Lineage, and yet another rejoiced at the unique flavour of Kaino Drink. But the one who enjoyed the most was the ruler; they had taken it upon themselves to try every single wine in their collection, and now had dozens of glasses and a few bottles strewn about their table. The night carried on, and the festivities kept growing, and the glasses strewn around the ruler grew. Cutting through it, however, was a servant, one who had been delivering the wines from the cellar to the party. Guests looked on with concern; as he had emerged without a bottle in hand, and with an aghast look on his face. As more people turned, the conversation lulled, especially as they realised he was heading straight towards the ruler. As he reached the ruler, all became silent, to listen to what the servant had to say. "My ruler, we, um… We have run out of wine. We have drunk every wine in the cellar, and thus… You have drunk all varieties of wine in the world." The ruler, even in their drunken stupor, looked stunned. "All of it?" "Yes, all of it." The ruler let out a cry of shock, knocking over their glass.
