When I started the rebuilding of Ardent Keep, I had modest expectations. I thought it was going to remain in ruins my entire life and that it would be sort of backwater compared to Ionntras. However, the city has far exceeded my expectations. Stone brick roads crisscrossed the city. City blocks rose up, with several apartments and shops replacing the rubble of old fortifications. Several buildings were painted a verdant green hue. The architect, Alanna of Annisoft, claimed that the green coloration was to blend in with the grass and woods around the city. Ironically, the green didn’t match either, making the buildings stand out rather than blend in. In the central plaza of the city, a fountain took up the center. The statue atop the fountain was of Corin with her sword and shield put up as she extended a hand. Lovers kissed by the fountain while children flipped coins into it, wishing for whatever thing captivated their minds. The city guards were busy catching thieves and breaking up fights, a rather depressing inevitability for any city. Ardent Keep was also home of perhaps the largest halfork community in Escann. All across the city, halfork businesses offered services as broad as carpentry to an emporium to banking. The smell of freshly cooked bread filled the air as halfork children running by. Surrounding the expanded palace were several tax offices and other government buildings. Inside, halforks along with orks and humans did the diligent duty of keeping an evolving civilization afloat. Though the ledgers showed that the number of tables needing to be replaced was high this month, the trendline showed that it was decreasing to less than two tables smashed per day. By the fountain, two adventurers stood by and looked around. They had long sheathed their weapons and were astounded. The human asked, “Are you sure this is the place the ork Queen is hiding?” The dwarf shrugged and said, “Eh, who cares? The guards let us in, so it can’t be that bad. By the way, I’m curious to see if ork grog can stand up against Dwarovar Dark.” As they walked off, I let a smile grace my face.
