A simple Matriarch no longer shook her head as she read the reports on her desk. Siadanlén had only just been reformed, and it seemed as if it was falling apart. She had expected some shock from laying down the march, but this? Across the realm, the people of Siadanlén were rebelling against their rulers; the military was overstretched, outdated, and struggling to acclimatize to a realm at peace; and officials across Siadanlén's new territories were beginning to understand just how woefully unprepared a marching administration was for civilian rule. Siadanlén had been plunged into a true malaise, and though the euphoria of reclaiming Siadanlén's lost glory had calmed the waters somewhat, anyone could tell that this was only temporary. She wondered how it had come to this; Siádan had seemed to be on an unstoppable ascent, but it was as if its wings had been clipped as soon as they pierced the clouds. Was it Siadanlén's destiny to fall just as quickly as it had risen, like the empire of Jaher? The thought alone was a terrible one, but she could not ignore it. The Matriarch slumped back in her chair and sighed. MarcherSiádan had, in truth, been nothing more than a nomadic horde, sweeping away the toplevel states that stood before it, while maintaining the customs and, in many cases, local rulers of the peoples they conquered. To the majority of its subjects, the "Glorious Siadanlén" was merely those garrison harpies who came around every so often to collect their taxes and steal their possessions, claiming "tribute." And to the majority of the harpies, their possession of the state amounted only to a mandate to act as they so pleased. That had to change, and so Siadanlén had to change as well. The Matriarch set aside the reports and opened a map of Siadanlén, commissioned more for vanity than any practical purpose, though it would certainly serve one now. Her eyes crossed the cities and towns and provinces of her realm, as she looked upon every venerable state Siádan had reduced to ruin; the Phoenix estates of Azka Sur and Sareyand, the militaristic zealotry of Jaddar, the seaborne traders of Avhavubhiya and Davharral, the families of Ghankedhen, the debaters of Rayavhashapal. And she knew what was to be done. Siádan had to modernize. To adopt the practices and policies of its vanquished enemies and make them great under harpy wings, as it once did to Jaddar and his quest for glory. The realm faces as dire a challenge as Astárta once did, and if we are to survive, we must embark on a march of a different sort.
