The lakeshore lay tranquil in the early morning, the mists rising from the waters softly glowing in the cool light of the dawn. Yet the traditional architecture along the shoreline was interrupted by an imposing tower rising directly from the waters and looming over the town. Given the elevated levels of ambient magic in these parts, the location was chosen as the ideal site to test the practicability of the sophisticated theories behind their planned Web of Light. By connecting this tower to the central hub constructed thousands of miles away deep in the jungle, they would have made the first and most important step towards linking all of the realm by the Web of Light. And on this day, with willingness, they would succeed in their venture. The artisans and their peers were busy with last minute checks and calibrations, but soon the bustle of activity ebbed and an expectant silence filled the control room high up in the tower. The power batteries began to release their stored potential into the vast arcane machinery and a soft but persistent hum filled the atmosphere. But soon, faces that were filled with cautious hope and anticipation started to become creased with frowns and doubtful glances were exchanged between the assembled leaders. The previously harmonious hum turned into an increasingly dissonant noise and the lights began to flicker. Just as the senior artificer, reporting to the leader of the legacy, was about to shut the experiment down, a junior acolyte, recruited from the local population, stepped forward, eyes closed and muttering under her breath, and started to adjust levers, dials and switches in what seemed almost a somnambulistic trance. Yet, whatever she did seemed to work; the complex machinery stabilized with each passing moment, until at last the gateway in the center of the room filled with a silvery light that soon gave way to the sight of a room similar, but not identical to their control center, where their partner group broke out in spontaneous cheers.
