For many of his peers, the northern jungle was a foreboding realm of unknowable threats hidden beneath the verdant canopy, but Triandil cherished the strange beauty of this place, the sheer vibrant vitality assaulting his senses every waking moment. The riotous coloration of the jungle plants, the myriad fragrances wafting in the humid air, and the strangely harmonious cacophony of birdsong and animal noises echoing from deep within this verdant labyrinth. His lack of antipathy was likely one of the major contributors to his success as a šamqissu trader, providing the plantations set up in the outskirts of the vast jungle with all the amenities only found on the civilised shores of the Dry Coast in return for their harvest of the precious šamqissu herb. Steeped in hot water and then traditionally served in a gourd, the herb leaves were the basis for the wildly popular Qišu drink that had largely replaced tea or coffee as the drink of choice in Rezankand. Triandil had undertaken this current trip many times before, and the horses of his small caravan found the path almost on their own. And yet, with each passing moment a strange unease rose within him. At first, he was tempted to discard it as mere superstitious folly, but with the usually so boisterous jungle fallen strangely quiet, a terrible sense of dread began to pervade his every thought. When finally his wagon passed the final turn and the plantation lay before him, he exhaled a deep sigh and allowed himself a moment of hope that his apprehension was unfounded. Yet as the moments passed on their approach to the main buildings of the plantation, he was keenly aware that no worker tended the fields, no overseer came forward to greet them. At the gates of the main courtyard, he bade his wagoners to stop and continued onwards on foot with only a handful of his caravan guards. Stepping into the main courtyard, the mystery of the missing plantation workers was solved, but Triandil would have gladly chosen ignorance over the sight that greeted him. A pile of dismembered and decomposing corpses, with many appearing as if halfdevoured, mixed with the remains of the livestock was all that was left of a once thriving plantation community. The next hours and days only left tenuous marks on his memory; scattered impressions of a breakneck flight, of eerily rhythmical noises chasing them out of the jungle, and worst of all, of the corpses infiltrated by green tendrils starting to twitch at his hesitant approach.
