The sun rose over Escann on a new day. The sound of cannons echoed across the land as magic twisted the ground and air. It was a terrible age of tyrants and war. Darkness filled the continent, but Unguldavor stood as a beacon of light. From Unguldavor, a new army marched. Not one of destruction or tyranny, but one of hope and justice. Orks, halforks, and humans marched in formation. In the Council of Clans, citizens made their voices heard. The ruler Grom watched over the army and smiled. He leaned on his cane and looked at them. He stood up and raised his hands. The army stopped marching and faced him. He cleared his throat. “Ungulans, I know the next few decades are going to be tough. Across this land, thousands die every day to fulfill the greedy whims of their rulers in a macabre display of pride. Fields are being filled with blood and there are many who would want us all dead. However, we cannot sit idly by. We must fight with all we have and we must win.” The crowd cheered, shouting Grom’s name. After a minute, the ruler Grom raised his hands, quieting the crowd. “This war will take everything we have. And by the end of it, I will probably not be here. However, we must remember that I am not Unguldavor. Unguldavor is not a person, but a people. It is all of us. From the lowly farmer to the mighty ruler, we all have a part to play. Unguldavor is not just about the orks, but the halforks and humans as well. We must remember this when they try to tear us apart. Those in Marrhold and Rosande see us as too different to live together. This is false. Look at what we achieved together and what we still have yet to achieve.” The ruler Grom took a deep breath and announced, “Army of Unguldavor, march on. With us marches the legacy of Arosha, Castellyr, and Unguldavor. Until Arosha’s dream is realized of a united Escann ruled by justice and wisdom, we cannot rest. Orks of Unguldavor, raise your voices. Halforks and humans of Unguldavor, let them know who we are. We are Unguldavor, and we shall never perish from Halann.”
