When he was sent by his home to gain a truthful measure of what was going on in Gemradcurt, in order to see whether an alliance with them would be a good idea or bring disaster and ruin, the Ynnsman courier had expected to find Nichmer reborn, the amalgamation of every slanderous story that had been told of the Winterswrath. But when he had ascended the LadyMother's Tower, a sleek and angular building of glass, steel, and ice, and had opened the doors to Immarel's office, he had not found a despicable witchqueen, but a simple ruinborn woman, as normal as could be, looking out of the glass walls of her office at the white expanse she ruled over, a hot drink in her hand. When Immarel had turned around, and warmly offered the courier a seat, he had graciously accepted, removing his hat as he sat down. The woman wasn't exceptionally beautiful or anything, with a plain face and figure, but that only served to put the Ynnsman more at ease; he'd heard of fey luring in folk with soft words and enchanting looks, but the Snecboth in front of him didn't seem to be doing anything of the sort. "I heard you wanted to see what you were dealing with; I hope the city and tower has given you a picture of our prosperity." "Oh it sure has, Miss." Even now the courier couldn't imagine being so high up; the Tower had to rival even the greatest of Calasandur's castles. But even still. "Ah'll be honest, all this fancy technology 'as me thinkin'. Ah haven't exactly heard many good stories about your kingdom, Miss Winterswrath. half came up here expectin' a skeleton." Immarel shrugged. "I am afraid my kingdom doesn't have the greatest reputation, yes, but I imagine you can see that most of the stories are just tall tales. I have a dream that one day all will see Gemradcurt not as some villainous state, but as a respectable power in North Aelantier. Your homeland is a vital step in ensuring that becomes a reality. My schedule is free today; would you mind taking a walk around the city? I'm sure you have many questions." The courier put his hat back on, tipping it in curtsy as he rose. "Well, ah'm sure that'd be just alright, Miss."
