The courtroom is packed full with attendants. From all corners of the republic, people come to behold what is surely the most important trial Akasik has witnessed in its last hundreds of years of history, and which will go down as one of the most relevant in the centuries to come. On the side of the defendants there is a lone man, tall and finely dressed in traditional Fangaulan style. The elected representative of the Bhiahan stands tall even among the sea of murderous gazes that glare at him, and begins to speak. “My kin, you accuse us of traitorous behaviour not only to the Republic but to our people as a whole; we deny both accusations. You would like to paint us as the villains in this story, the ones that sold Ekha, but we are more than that, for in truth we are the saviours of this city. Do you think that our walls could have withstood the gnollish assault? That they would have even doubted for a moment to massacre the city? Despite what all present here would like to think, we made the pragmatic move, the wise decision that was hard to make, the one no one had the guts to make. For our noble ruler, are they not traitors to the same law you accuse me of defiling? Did they not break the law of the Mother and our ancestors?” Deafening silence falls over the courtroom; these last words cut deep into a truth many saw. In the gallery a woman interrupts the silence, raising her voice. The leader of one of the Ekhasi roosts speaks. “And what of you Sharil? You would soon try to draw blame to our ruler and draw a comparison between the two of you, but actions speak louder than words. They were not the ones that opened the gates of the city and allowed the common folk to die while they stayed in their palaces. They fought in the streets with the Madakas to help the people flee; they did not concede the roosts for their low population density, you did, and they did not order that citizens of the republic be presented as tribute for the gnolls to appease them. You, you filthy rat and your cohorts were the ones who did that. There is no salvation for you, no punishment fit for your crimes; sweet words will do nothing to help you; you wrote your own destiny in bloody characters long ago.”
