Holi requested that this one not be directly transcribed from her diary. In future, the distinction between the two should be obvious. The first time Holi arrived in the city of Xiadao, it did not take her long to find a peculiar brand of mischief. a sect masquerading as a group of would-be investigators. At first, the four monks wanted little to do with her. She wasn't a paying customer, they said, so they needed to focus on more important affairs. Naturally, Holi settled this efficiently; she'd pay if they let her accompany them for a day. They were much more amenable to this deal. So she followed the sect. three harimari and an inexplicably lazy elf. Unfortunately, what Holi did not anticipate was that the day would be very boring. Presumably to impress her, the four did a lap around Xiadao. It resembled a sightseeing tour more than anything to her. Even so, they were pleased to make conversation. As Holi learned, these four did any sort of job they were paid for. That doesn't sound very much like an investigator, does it? Holi didn't think so either. Upon confronting them, the elf nodded sagely. He informed her that investigation is city guard business, so they stay away from it. Though exasperated, Holi found herself captivated by this band of misfits. Enough so to even accompany them for a few more days, all on her dime. By the third day, they had almost accepted her as a member of the sect. At the very least, they stopped trying to show her around Xiadao. On the fourth, she had the opportunity to join them for the escort of a pair of Swallow hobgoblins through the city on their way to Lot Dekkhang. With the help of their escort, they had no trouble. It was during this trip that Holi took the time to get to know the two. They were a pair of men by the names of Ren and Tojiko. Since they had no desire to have children or fight in a war, they were fleeing somewhere other than the Command. Holi informed them that she'd be sure to visit if she were in Lot Dekkhang, something the two laughed off. After this incident, she spent another day of inactivity before finally calling an end to the escapade. As Holi wandered past a craftsman making his way into the city, she already had her next destination in mind.
