The story of general Andrel is one that has circulated for years within Castanor and its court. Born in the saddle in the Taran plains of West Castanor and far more comfortable on horseback than on his own two feet, he had traveled the length of his home many times by the time he was a teenager and enlisted in the Castanorian legions in search of more exotic locales. There, he rose through the ranks quickly as a scout, proving his worth many times over in myriad campaigns. When we recently pierced the fog that was the Northern Pass and found an endless expanse of forests and steppes unfolding like a book before us, Andrel immediately volunteered himself to lead our expeditions there. And what wonders and monstrosities he found. Sketches of great horned ogres, obscenely fat and vulgar, gorging themselves in their great feasting halls, made rounds in the fascinated Castanorian court. Dozens of skirmishes with the centaurs; so noble in stature but terrifying in their charges; were recorded, their clear mastery of the plains undisputed. Reports even filtered in of a scarce number of tribes in the northern fringe of the frost forests; the Kukatodic, scratching out a meagre existence amidst the pines and snow. Andrel's expeditions revealed a world of few resources and uncivilized wilderness, clearly not worth bothering with for our nation. And yet, the expeditions kept being funded, as the court and Castan hung on to every new discovery. Word spread like wildfire that Andrel had finally returned with from a foray into the plains, his longest yet, and was requesting a public audience with the monarch with several short, whiteskinned foreigners dressed in peculiar clothing in tow. Of course, it was granted, and the words spoken on that morning disseminated in a thousand settlements across Castanor by midafternoon. The expedition had finally pushed past the seemingly endless forests of the northern plains, chasing scattered Kukatodic stories of a massive sea to the east and cities of tens of thousands of humans; humans. They emerged from the forest onto the shores of a glittering sea, a sea as deep and vibrant in colour as lapis lazuli and stretching from horizon to horizon. And on that horizon, hazy in the morning mist, a solitary ship.
