Family meant everything to Tamargha Gravelhide. The meat of True Giants composed her flesh, the blood of the lords of all ogres ran through her veins, and the savior of the ogrish people was her very own grandfather. Tamargha idolized Ziltahgh; whenever he returned to the palace after his campaigns against the centaur savages, she would listen to his stories for hours on end, soaking up every droplet of wisdom that could be wrung from such greatness. When he was gone, Tamargha did her best to emulate him, taking great interest in, and eventually mastering, the minutiae of managing a kingdom. It was such a shame that his son, her father, was such a disappointing waste of flesh. Just as Tamargha had done, Chike too took after his grandfather; unfortunately for the kingdom, Ghornma Gravelhide was far too interested in living a decadent lifestyle to properly prepare for the centaur horde brewing on his doorstep. To add insult to injury, Chike had forsaken and abandoned Tamargha’s mother when she failed to produce him a male heir. Should such a lout ascend to the throne, all the work that Tamargha’s beloved grandfather had done to strengthen the kingdom would all be for naught. Though she be a woman, and the daughter of a forsaken consort to boot, Tamargha was determined to excise the rot at the heart of Maghargma that was her father. She shared her grandfather’s distaste for the more barbarous aspects of their religion, but it was in those traditions that her one avenue to success lay. It was taught that the flesh and the soul were one; by consuming the flesh of another, so too did you absorb their soul. Crucially, this also conferred the rights and privileges of the consumed to the devourer; it was only through this function that royalty could be passed down and how all ogres had taken the place of the gods. Bursting into the feasting hall with a cleaver in hand, Tamargha bellowed out a challenge to her father. face her in a butcher’s duel, the loser must forfeit everything to the winner, down to the flesh and bones. Today, Tamargha would seize the destiny of her family and the kingdom for herself.
