As the scout’s position on the flank suddenly became less of a flank and more of an encirclement, he couldn’t help but wonder why this had to happen now. At the very least, the Cursed Howl’s new conduct had allowed for prisoners on either side. Perhaps there’d be a chance there to avoid being cut down now, and instead look for escape later as the situation changed. Kavu and his men laid their arms down for the moment. He could just about make out from the bits of the Elven tongue he’d picked up that they were deciding if it wasn’t just easier to kill them now, and hope they didn’t know anyone potentially captive on the orkish side. Kavu signed this to the others and then saw something that struck him. Her, again. She looked over and clearly saw him too, starting slightly. She spoke to her comrades; they were getting agitated and speaking so fast now that he couldn’t really understand. Eventually she alone came over to speak. “This tongue, do you understand me?” she asked, but it wasn’t a question; she seemed to guess he’d understand Goblin. “Yes. Enough, anyway. I got on well with the shortstacks.” It wasn’t a lie, even if Bolk had asked him to learn Goblin merely as a way of managing servants. “Good, I’d like to speak with you.” “Me too…” His words halfinterrupted hers, a little too eager. The words simply slipped out. He wasn’t even sure with what tone but he almost wanted to blush, and on a battlefield no less. “Fey give me strength, men are men I suppose,” she said, though a smile had crept in that belied her tone. The strange moment of connection lingered, interrupted only by the sound of warhorns, the timbre indicating Gordak’s personal guard. “That would be my brother. He’s always looking out for me,” Kavu said, hoping to keep this woman from having the entire scout detachment killed to avoid the complication. “Well, he can worry no longer, and perhaps owe Arya Whistlebreeze, should this situation ever be reversed.” She seemed confused herself by how sideways this interrogation had gone; she broke off entirely, whistled for a mount, and the elves rode off.
