Olorsz raised his head from his kneeling position and looked up towards the teal-draped throne. "Your majesty... thank you." A Veykodan district was approved to be built on a hillock close to Arverynn's outer walls, where only a few old Ynnics still lived between straw houses and ruined stables. "Careful now... steady." Teritho, the Horpanas community's leading rune scribe, was coordinating the constructions, directing a wooly rhinoceros to pull a tall carriage brimming with stone alongside the city walls and up the hillock. After a few seasons of work, the district was in habitable conditions and it was looking far better than the country houses most Pomentere were used to. No longer a rugged hillock, a green pyramidal mound dominated the surroundings, lined with granite stairs leading to its top where a cypress sapling was planted, and all around it were the houses of soldiers, dignitaries, and, most importantly by the ruler's policies, smiths. Of course, norms were observed to make sure that this was a good riverworshiping community. A fountain was dug around the tree sapling, and its water flowed down through several furrows along the mound's stairs, when a few water lynxes came and started splashing about. A stockade was raised around the district to ensure that no animal ran amok should it escape the pits of the few licensed tamers. Carts full of clothes were regularly brought in, for no warrior could go shirtless except during a few ceremonial games, and guards had to get proper metal armor from a smith. Luckily, they were just in the right place. This was the Havak Buyovec District, the Foreign Smith District, which could also be translated as Warforge District. Unofficially, it was regarded as the Veykodan district, but its primary purpose was to provide equipment enhanced by Veykodan magic to the imperial army; runic armor, recently developed, was in high request and required constant maintenance; a task which its inhabitants were aptly pursuing, as surveyors could attest from the fumes of smelting copper, the pungent smell of tanning, and the lines of Veykodans waiting to donate their magical blood to the closest rune scribe.
