There is no bigger threat than the astral terror. History shows that if underestimated, this plague could drag our entire government screaming into the abyss. Our caretakers have worked tirelessly to figure out its root cause. The work has been hard, as many aspects of the disease defy common explanation, yet with time and diligence, some conclusions can now be drawn. Astral terror manifests mainly as paranoia, or a fear of being watched, particularly by beings from the sky. But to the severely affected, these observers seem to be everywhere, emerging from every angle. In extreme cases, this even results in violence, whether due to suspicions of affiliation with these watchers, attempts of appeasement, or simply acts of pure desperation. Figuring out the exact cause is surprisingly difficult. The simple answer is that it is caused by looking into space, but why the act of seeing the night sky causes such madness remains a mystery. A common theory is that seeing firsthand how tiny we are compared to the full size of the cosmos is enough to cause anxiety. And the dark of the night sky could potentially obscure any number of unseen things, which explains why this anxiety so often manifests as fear of something from above. This theory, however, is unsatisfying to many. They say these fears are too intense and specific to stem from just seeing the void of space. Another theory thus suggests an inherent magical or psychological property to space itself that causes these symptoms. Some go even further, proposing an active instigator of the disease. As mentioned, the dark of the night sky could potentially obscure any number of unseen things, and nothing says that the fears of being watched have to be wrong. Yet the theories of evil magic or aberrations out in space do not explain how the madness spreads to those who have never even gazed at the stars. While the proponents of a supernatural cause are quick to suggest supernatural transmission as well, they have difficulty explaining why it only seems to spread to those who are aware of the terror in the first place. There have, for example, been no incidents of an affected astronomer spreading terror to their family without exposing their condition to them first. While magic that spreads through knowledge alone is not unthinkable, the simpler explanation is that people simply latch onto the fear once they know there is something to be fearful of. Seeing others live in fear of unseen watchers can make oneself fear them too, and the fear of your neighbor having contagious madness easily leads to the same violent paranoia seen in astral terror victims. While compelling, this explanation is still insufficient to some, as these secondary infectees still exhibit identical symptoms to those who have stared directly into the void. It thus seems impossible to draw an exact line between supernatural disease and mundane social panic. As for mitigation, the most effective method would be simply not using the Setzunkhûpa. Yet this is highly unpopular with our rulers and scholars, who refuse to give up our ancestors' knowledge. Luckily, we have found other techniques to alleviate the madness, such as limiting public knowledge, shielding the affected from the sky, secluding them from the uninfected while avoiding total isolation, as well as calming treatments meant to soothe the minds of those struck by the terror. While we do not yet understand the astral terror, we may be able to manage it.
