In the newly opened Unguldavor Academy in the heart of the ancient city, a class was being held. The children of various chiefs, nobles, and wealthy members of society were all seated facing the board at the front. The teacher was an elderly ork woman with a stern look on her face. “As you can see class, Unguldavor was founded in the year fourteen ninety-four A.A. by Arosha Oakbreaker, who brought together the various clans to form our nation. The clans of Severed Ear, Dogeater, Bloodgorger, Bladebreaker, and Clouded Eye make up our great nation. We secured a home that the adventurers cannot take from us,” the teacher said as she pointed towards a chart she set up on the wall. She looked at the students and asked, “Now, how many of you have completed the reading assignment I gave you?” Only three students raised their hands. One student, a lanky halfork boy, scratched the back of his head and said, “My warg ate my assignment.” The teacher glared at him and asked, “Your parents let you close enough to their warg that it ate your assignment and yet did not eat you? And it is not that you just did not read because they have not learned?” He chuckled nervously and replied, “You see…” She slammed her desk and said, “Your parents paid good money to send you to this school. Unguldavor Academy was built to raise the next generation of alchemists, mages, and engineers by teaching the fundamental skills for a future university. Your grandfather did not sleep on the dirt or fight the humans out of love for Korgus. He fought to give you a future where you did not have to fight. If he did not do that, we would be stuck in the far eastern fringes of Escann, only surviving due to the woods keeping the human kingdoms out.” The class was silent for a moment. Then a young ork girl raised her hand and asked, “Can I use the bathroom?” The teacher looked at her. “I don’t know. Can you?” The girl lowered her hand. The teacher then faced the class. “As I was saying, when it came to naming the city, we decided…”
