The Shuvüüshudi have picked up an impressive reputation for being nothing but a bunch of fearsome raiders, that the great birds they ride upon are as built for killing as they are; given their reclusive nature, it has been very hard to figure out if that is actually the truth. After all, you cannot judge someone by the point of their spear. Posing as a lonesome traveler at risk of being waylaid, my charm and guile allowed me to persuade one of the riders to take me back to his tribe for a little while. What I really wanted was a ride on one of those terror birds, just to see what it was like. There is nothing like it in the region. I am not a stranger to shows of strength, especially not ones meant to impress me, but the birdmanship on display really floored me. The comfort he had upon his terror bird. It felt like the two of them were a centaur, those horsepeople from further west. But more than that, I wanted to know what it was like to ride one around. Holding onto someone's back, it felt a lot like a horse. What was it like by myself? Once the tribesman was finished showboating, I let myself shine through. It did not take very much to get him to acquiesce. When riding by yourself, it was a bit different from a horse, but also the same. On two legs, instead of four, leaning forwards and back had a much bigger effect on the bird. The saddle was also a little bit further back than I would have liked, so that my legs did not get in the way of its wings. It felt really precarious, but the bird never seemed to have any problems with carrying me. I just had to make sure I did not fall off in the process. Keeping a good grip on the reins kept me from falling off at all; it was like the terror bird was jostling me back into position whenever I slipped. As thanks, I left the man a gift and then a few days ago slipped into the wilds, making sure not to be spotted on the way out. Some day, when the world gets a little less violent, I think that I might try to get my hands on a terror bird of my own.
