The minister for agriculture burst through the door, his outerwear barely concealing the sleepwear underneath. He had gotten the message a few hours earlier, only a few minutes after he had woken; the Heart of Winter had been destroyed, and now the leader lay on the floor of her office, unconscious, likely dead. The minister threw up his hands, setting aside his coat as he hurried over to the leader's body. "Oh, this is calamity. Calamity." He moved to kneel by her body, but the Deputy Commander of the Taigan Order stopped him before he could get his trousers wet in a puddle on the floor. The minister moved to her other side. "Oh, no. She's on the floor, the floor. What to do, what to do? My heart is sick. Like it's going into battle." The minister turned to the Deputy Commander. "Tell me you called a doctor?" The Deputy Commander scratched the back of her neck, looking away. "Well, as the acting Commander, I think the cabinet should decide whether to call a doctor or not. We should wait until we are quorate." The minister stood up, an indignant look on his face. "Quorate? The room is only seventy-five percent conscious. And our actual leader is lying on the floor in a puddle of indignity." The minister turned towards the Commander of the Eiganrac, who was slumped far too comfortably on the leader's office chair. "Look, the way I see it, I really think the leader's face is telling us we should get her a doctor, and now." The Commander cocked his head, looking the minister for agriculture up and down. "Are you wearing a nightgown?" The minister was taken aback, indignant once more. "Why? Yes, I am wearing a nightgown. And I'm wearing one because I act decisively and with great speed, Iwandir. Now, if neither of you are going to provide any worthwhile leadership, I think it's time I..." The Commander of the Eiganrac cut him off, standing up with a start. "I thought I was going to be challenged by someone, I just didn't expect him to be a farmer wearing a damned nightie. The leader's already dead. Get out, or you'll be the next person in here lying in a puddle of their own piss. The Eiganrac are taking over." The minister for agriculture seemed like he was about to say something, but then decided it wasn't a battle worth fighting. Giving up, he threw up his hands, picked up his coat, and stormed out of the room.
