But where did it go? The class went silent after this question from Milon. Professor Tyaphon, the leading expert on ProtoSarda history, gave a smile and removed his glasses while slowly walking to Milon. "You tell me Milon? Because even though I have studied everything there is to study about the Sarda, I do not have a clue. And yes, it bothers me, but at the same time, is this not what makes our field exciting? I might never know where it came from, but it is exactly the fact that there is so much still to uncover which makes our field exciting. Perhaps we will never find out, or perhaps some farm hick will suddenly stumble upon the golden clue to where the ProtoSarda hid those last remnants of their society. Perhaps somebody in this class will discover it, now or in the future. The fact is that this excitement and the constant asking of questions is what drives us forward in archeology, and yet, that same question will haunt us until we have found an answer. But be warned. Every new discovery will give you even more questions to ask and mysteries to uncover. So, I don’t know where the remnants of the ProtoSarda lie, but perhaps you will one day. Or at least use this question to keep you curious and inquisitive." Milon had studied the ProtoSarda ever since he had heard about them. Being a massive fan of Professor Tyaphon and living close to Plumstead City, Milon had always dreamt of finding the lost remnants of the ProtoSarda. These remnants, which the uncovered texts and art of the ProtoSarda talked about, had to be somewhere in the Expanse, though where was the mystery. We didn’t even know what it was. Some suspected it to be a vault of sorts, in which the ancestors of the Sarda hid their ancient technologies, knowledge, and artifacts. Others thought that it might be a lost city in some hidden valley. Milon wanted, no, needed to find out what it was and where, and he was about to stumble on a clue. Milon worked in an antique shop, both to keep himself surrounded by artifacts but also so he could pay for his studies. And while most items in the shop are either worthless garbage or falsified, one day, Milon did find something of worth. While cleaning it with shimmer oil, Milon got intrigued by a small golden stave, not much bigger than a butcher's knife. Inspecting it, Milon accidentally dropped it, scratching it and revealing that the gold was just an outer layer. Carefully peeling away the gold, Milon discovered that the stave had a cold black second layer with inscriptions which looked Sardic, but were simply off. Curious, Milon decided to go to the archeology library in Ryefield Hall, looking for a clue. And sifting through all the books, he finally found something. The writings were similar to those on the Golden dome of Domfanynn, though the writings on the dome could barely be read, as if there was something on top of it, like an outer layer. Milon, without a second thought, informed Professor Tyaphon. Knowing they couldn’t just start slashing on the Golden Dome, Tyaphon devised a plan to first spread interest and enthusiasm surrounding the finding of the inscriptions before officially making a request to start an investigation of the dome itself. If Plumsteader and Sarda high society was hyped enough for the idea that they could find the lost vault, then certainly they could damage that dome for the greater good, right?
