The excitement at meeting our long lost kin had long since vanished, by the time weapons were drawn. I wish I knew where it had gone so wrong. We had been greeted warmly, at first. Honored guests, bringing news of the outside world. But the news we brought these so-called ghosts did not please them like it should have. Later records, penned by my own hand, would state the violence began due to mistranslation. This is a lie. It was understanding one another that brought us to blows. "We have seen empires rise and fall, and wish to take no part in it. You would act as Banni before you, thinking yourself a hero while replacing one tyranny with another. If you truly wish to do right by our people, go back to your empire and burn every mention of us from your records. Never seek us again." It was these words that made us realize, the Ghost Halflings were not our kin. They had hidden, just as the Amezetany of the Summer Isles had fled. It was merely another form of cowardice. The man who had spoken those words, their chieftain, lay dead now. His body heaped into a pile of others, around half of the village's warriors, and set alight. Despite the flame, I felt cold. Liberation had come to the Ghost Halflings, as it had come to those of Kolonama. They should have been grateful, and I should have felt like a hero. They were supposed to be our long lost kin, yet it felt as if we were more alone than ever. I felt a sharp pain in my side. It took me a moment to realize the pain was originating from something tangible, as I heard a young voice cry out in anger. In a flash, I had grabbed the wrist of my assailant and turned his momentum against him. Flipping him over my own body, and slamming him down into the soil, I only refrained from the killing blow upon seeing his face. It was a child, the spitting image of the village's chieftain, twelve years of age at the oldest. He had attempted to tackle me, but his stance was poor and his body was small. My own soldiers rushed to my aid, readying spears and pointing them to my struggling assailant. They readied themselves for the killing blow I had hesitated on. "At ease," I commanded, holding up one free hand to stop my warriors while pinning the boy with another. Though the boy continued to struggle, it was little effort for me to hold him down. "He's just a child, he knows not what he does. But he has a warrior's spirit, like I did when I was his age. Andrianary Longwatch once took me in, sheltered me and raised me to be who I am." The gratitude I craved would not come easy. But maybe if we showed these people what we were truly building, they would finally see. Maybe then, they'd see me as a hero. Maybe then I'd feel like it.
