Our university is young, yet our students are already showing potential for greatness. As the first ever graduation ceremony is approaching, a unique opportunity presents itself to us. We can, if we want to, enlist one such student into our state apparatus. We could show this way that each who studies at the university can reach high positions in the nation if they work hard enough. The graduation committee has therefore presented us with a list of the three best students who are about to graduate. Denar Cúwern, a halfelf farm boy, was raised on a large livestock farm. His parents came from the Wexhills and immigrated to Aelantier due to local prejudices towards humanelven relationships. He combined his previous knowledge of husbandry with the latest sciences at the university to become one of the most well-versed experts in the field of agriculture and would make for a terrific minister of agriculture or economics. Emil of Plumwall. While we are a settler nation of farmers and scientists, we still count some nobility among our population, particularly from the house of Plumwall. They tried to become a royal house of sorts in the very early years of Plumstead, yet failed as basically nobody supported them. Their family does however still boast a lot of influence through politics. One of their scions, Emil, has political ambitions and has, other than many other nobles, proven himself to be a very capable administrator and political thinker. He did an internship under the minister of education and science and has made many friends there. Some of his plans regarding the relations with the ruinborn and the codification of autonomy laws have even been adopted during his internship. The minister has even asked if he can be hired to help in streamlining the nation's laws and the revision of the machinations of the state. Calassa Dhanvar. A military brat, Calassa was to say it in the nicest way possible; a difficult student. She chose architecture because she didn’t want to go to a military academy like her brothers, even though she didn’t even care for architecture. She mostly ate and drank in the back of the class and was an uninspiring nuisance. That was until they visited the fort in Plumstead City. While most students were bored by the lecture on fortifications and defense works, Calassa loved it and quickly found her niche. She would design numerous forts and defensive works, each more complicated than the last. Now she is graduating as perhaps the most gifted fortifications engineer in the realm and could help us in improving the defenses of our nation like no other could.
