Many, many years ago, a young man named Godwin of Escerton lived with his wife and daughter in the realm of Corintar. They were some of the first converts to the Martyr of Escann’s good faith; Godwin himself being one of the very first of the couters, the priests who dedicated themselves to the Martyr’s worship; and there they lived a good life. A plague that swept the countryside tore his wife away from him. So, seeking greener grass, he took his daughter and moved to the neighboring kingdom of Esthíl, which offered generous grants of land to any Corinite pilgrims who wished it. There, they made a new home and found a community in their fellow pilgrims in a small village long since forgotten. One day, late in the night, Godwin heard screams. He could open his eyes and look about, but found himself unable to move his limbs; a man paralyzed. All he could see from the dark edges of his vision were cloaked figures dragging out a sack. In the morning, his daughter was gone. Every day he would go stand in the streets of their village and cry for help. But, even though the man and daughter were part of the village, none ever stopped to assist him. Even as more and more of the young people of the village seemed to go missing, the community never banded together to help one another. That was the way of things until one day when a strange man, clad in the same cloak he saw on that fateful night approached him. The man introduced himself as Calas, and told him one simple statement. “I know where your daughter is.” And so, he brought Father Godwin to a small building, far from any homes. In it, rickety wooden stairs led down, down, down, into the dark. Godwin opened the doors at the bottom of the staircase. There, he saw bodies; hundreds of them. Sickly, pale covered in scars and bruises, with most being mutilated in some way. Some missed their arms and legs, some had spare arms and legs crudely sown on. Each and every single body had the glazed over eyes of one long since dead, and yet their breath shallowly drew still. Occasionally, a scream, shrill and piercing, would cry out. Some had veins running to clear sacs filled with strange fluids, brightly colored and violently bubbling. Not a single body seemed to be older than thirty years. Here were the missing. “The lords of Esthíl seek power,” was the only explanation provided by Calas, “and they have forsaken whatever humanity they had.” Off to the side of the room is where he found her. She drew breath, but no longer resided in the land of the living. In an instant, it was as if a tinder struck within his heart. Father Godwin heard a voice speak to him. A woman’s voice; he wondered at first if it was his daughter, but dismissed the thought in an instant. No. The voice was the Martyr of Escann, and she told him words that he would remember until the end of his days. “Look upon their works, good Father, and know that the only recompense for witchery is death.” The next week he returned, now accompanied by the rest of the village. They had to see what had been done to their children. And they, too, needed to learn the truth. That the only recompense for witchery is death. They decided to burn the foul building and put the miserable wretches out of their misery. Watching the flames rise, Father Godwin prayed to the Martyr. His thoughts lingering on his daughter’s twisted form, he knew in his heart; the old world is irreparably stained by the foul taint of magic. Their future lies in the new world.
