"Four." A woman in a linen tunic with aquamarine hair spoke to her daughter as she gave her a piggyback ride through the stalls. "That sign means a bag of tomatoes costs four glass coins. Our pawpaws instead cost twelve coins a bag." She declared to the bewilderment of her daughter, as her husband pulled a cart with several cases of green oval fruits. "Mom. Mom. What is that?" The child asked, gazing at a performer clad in purple doing a double backflip above a fountain while daggers flew over him. "Oh, that's a jester. Those people make you laugh and you can give them coins." She explained. The performer got back on his feet and caught two daggers in his hands and a third in his mouth before bowing. Several coins were tossed into the fountain's outer pool by people appreciating the jester's play. Those coins actually belonged to the river now, and thus the clergy, however the jester was under contract and to be compensated. The pawpaw stall was all set up, a seller of fourhorned sheep dairy to its left and an embroiderer of pig hair to its right. Customers poured like a river into the market square and began purchasing bags of their fruit. Confident with her earnings, the mother left her husband running the stall and took her daughter on a tour of the district. Entering a street, they walked through a lineup of taverns, cobblers, tailors and other kinds of shops, which had housings and balconies on the upper floors. Some appealed to the higher classes, like a bookstore with a great window in stained purple glass showcasing the interior's fine wooden shelves and gold-studded armchairs, others were modest like a stonework selling floor tiles, sluice gates and garden decorations ran by an old man with short combed grey hair and a glittering smile. There were temples blending in with the buildings, and doors which led to towers spiralling above the district, linked to the suspended walkways and usually reserved to guards and tour guides. Other businesses, like a certain gallery of the absolute truths or a smiling hunched elf with a backpack full of masks standing in a backalley, next to a laboratory whose sign read a boutique, simply were shady. What they saw was only a small part of what could be found in the open district, which was open to people from all walks of life looking to make a fortune in the big city or simply peddle their wares during a quick stay.
