Alaka Wardancer stalked into the chieftains’ high hall. She smelled blood. The chieftains of all the different lands were set up at their grand table, eating a meal. The feast was very well furnished, even if things were looking a little more threadbare for the chieftains these days. Alaka didn’t wait to be called in. The chieftains were conversing with each other over their food, and didn’t even look at her. ‘We’re forming an Axta,’ she said. The word ‘Axta’ got the chieftains’ attention. The hall grew silent, and they all turned to look at her. ‘And how are you going to do that, without us?’ ’It’s already been done,’ Alaka said. ‘We don’t need your permission, and we don’t need your aid. I just thought I’d do you the courtesy of letting you know.’ She walked up to the head of the table. ‘We thought we didn’t need an Axta, because we were already richer than you. But what we forgot is that numbers bring influence the same way money does. You proved that to us when you let the miners steal our claim out from under our noses. We forgot that. We won’t again.’ 'You're making a mistake,' the head chieftain said. His voice had gone cold. 'The merchants who have tried to move without us have found the roads very difficult lately. The ones who have tried to sell without our blessing have found their buyers very hard to reach. You are wealthy, Wardancer, but wealth needs to move to mean anything.' Alaka looked at him for a long moment. 'Is that right,' she said. It wasn't a question. ’Perhaps we have been hasty,’ said one of the chieftains wearing silk. ‘We can be allies, and provide you with the favors worthy of your station, if you will only work with us.’ ’Nobody gives out anything they don’t have to in this world,’ replied Alaka. ‘The fact that you’re saying that now means that we can take what we want, same as we would if we worked with you. Then we’ll take more, and the ruler can deal with us directly. We’re forming an Axta.’ There wasn’t anything left to say, at that point. The head chieftain’s jaw tightened. He knew it same as she did. Alaka took a fine dessert on her way out.
