Immarel sat slumped in her chair, one hand held to her head, and the other reaching out to the fire. She felt its warmth against her skin; savoured it. Would she feel the same thing tomorrow? Would this ritual strip her even of that? Immarel thought these things, but beneath them, a different worry turned over and over again. Last night she had dreamed she had climbed to the tip of the Frostspear, a swirling maelstrom of snow and magic above her, and for miles and miles she had seen the destruction of man. The buildings of Gemradcurt lay ruined; wood and stone husks were all that remained of the city's vitality. Snecboth bodies littered the streets. Riders ran roughshod through them, hunting down any elf still living. Outside the city, thousands or tens of thousands lay dead. Death wrote its name in bloody characters across the snow. Immarel had awoken with tears in her eyes, griefstricken, though the events she had seen had not yet come to pass. She was blinded by her fear then, but now she could see two possibilities before her. In one, that grim day was the result of inaction, a future where she threw off this new power out of worry, and Gemradcurt was finally overrun by its enemies, by the realms of the south perhaps, or strange invaders from the sea. The other, that terrible other, was that her action would be the harbinger of catastrophe, that she would be the mother of death, and from her womb would spring calamity unrivalled by all others. That her hubris, her clamour for ever more power, would undo everything that had been won by the blood of hundreds of thousands of her countrymen. Immarel sat motionless on the chair, thinking and thinking and thinking. Her skin grew uncomfortably hot under the fire, but she didn't care; didn't pull away her hand. She had the choice. The ritual was ready, and it would begin tomorrow night. All she had to do was give the word and it would be cast aside. Or she could go to sleep now, and go to her destiny. A coin flip that would decide the fate of her nation.
