By now, Varina had lost count of how many orks and goblins she had personally dispatched. Hundreds, easily. Thousands? Probably. So why was she hesitating? Why had she not already slit the throat of the immobilized goblin in front of her and fed it to her phylactery? She knew why. While this creature would be the first of an endless stream of its misbegotten kind to fuel her immortality, it was not the first victim of her immortality. Decades ago, he had promised Varina his heart and had stood steadfastly by her side ever since, even as the world turned against her. And for that, she had. She had claimed his heart. She had thanked her Cortaz that fateful day. Had kissed him gently, had caressed his face, had lulled him to sleep with his face in her lap, a small, content smile on his lips. She had tried to make it painless. She had. But any magic would have interfered with the process, and the sedatives she had slipped into his meal had not been strong enough to counteract the pain as she opened his chest and carved out his still-beating heart. Her skin was still a few days away from sloughing off, so she could yet close her eyes as she remembered his expression as he bled out. Oh, if only she could have eased the process, but no. She had had to watch the life fade from his eyes, her voice quivering as she promised that she would create a new and better world, as they had always dreamed of doing. And then, she had had to violate him further still. Not only had she needed to craft the potion vessel from his heart, the only way to guarantee success had been to use Cortaz's soul for the spells, to use up not only his heart but also his very soul, his self. With a snarl, she broke out of her reverie and slit the throat of the goblin, then ended the spell that kept it paralyzed. With grim satisfaction, she watched it grasp at its throat, futilely trying to stem the bleeding, before it dropped over, letting her claim its soul and feed it to her phylactery. Cortaz was gone, but so long as she lived, his dreams and hopes lived on through her. Compared to that, what did the life of a single goblin matter?
