By Surael. What is that?’ cries the young academic. ‘Some sort of magical vault door? I’ve never seen anything quite like it.’ The expedition’s lamps are unnecessary in this grand hallway, as the turquoise glow emanating from the circular door in front of them is enough to illuminate the whole area. Strange runes stretch across the surface of the structure, gently pulsating almost as if they were alive. At the exact center of the door lies a large, metal wheel, seemingly meant to be a handle. ‘Out of the way. In Surael’s name, whatever lies behind that door is the rightful property of His faithful.’ The guard roughly shoves the academic aside, causing his bag to tumble to the floor. The clanging of the equipment inside echoes throughout the curved stone arches of the room. One hand clasped around his pendant, the guard fearlessly marches to the end of the corridor and starts to reach up to the handle. ‘Stop. Are you mad?’ shouts the expedition’s captain, the sternness of his voice belying the sudden rush of fear he felt. The guard freezes in place with his hand an inch away from the metal, recognizing the seriousness of the situation. Slowly, he brings his arm down and takes a step backward. The captain breathes a sigh of relief. ‘Don’t be foolish. We don’t know what kind of magic is on that thing. We’ll head back up to the surface and get some proper specialists to take a crack at it.’ The guard grumbles, seeming to begrudgingly accept this compromise. The academic, having recovered his bag, shoots an angry glare at his assaulter before walking up to the captain. ‘Sir, it’s the general opinion of the academic community nowadays that we should keep old vaults sealed. It’s probably locked up for a reason. You know about Amussu, right?’ The captain sighs. ‘Kid, this isn’t gonna be Amussu. We’ve been sent down here for a reason, and that reason is to find something worth finding. You don’t make a magical vault like this unless you’re gonna put something worth finding inside it. Plus, as long as we have Surael on our side, we’ve got nothing to worry about, yeah?’ He clears his throat, projecting his voice loud enough for the whole of the expedition to hear. ‘Alright boys, time to head back.
