Lucian's hand ran across his lustrous rosecolored coffin, orkish made of Red Cedar heartwood and engraved with golden maritime imagery. It was the gift that came with Marlliande's baronies' official invitation. It was just two hours after sunset. Over the deck, bathed in misty cold air, he sighted the Trollsbay coast. He felt thirsty, but he knew that the pleasure is greatest after great austerity. The ship gently docked; a lavishly dressed group accompanied by mounted soldiers and horsedrawn carriages were waiting at the foggy harbor. As Lucian stepped out of the vessel, a quartet of trumpets played a grave version of a Roilsardi allegro. Tristan and the ruler stepped in. Lucian's child bowed; the other ruler opened their arms and shared a proud and attentive gaze with Lucian, just like two grinning cats would look at each other. "Lucian sil na Toars, rightful king of Luciande and fellow prince of the night." The ruler extended his arm to shake Lucian's hand. "Welcome to our realm. Please, give us the honor to be our guest and accompany us to our palace." They got into the carriages driven by orkish slaves; other slaves also served as support to step and get inside the tall coaches. This carriage gave a better view than any other he had been in. As they got further into the forested areas, the mist lessened and moonlight grew brighter. A comforting and invigorating scent greeted Lucian's nose; it was warm, sweet, and a bit spicy, fruity, cinnamoned, and licoriced. Tristan noted his sire's perplexity. "Those are the sassafras, my lord; they cover all the area," he said with a playful grin. Once inside the palace, harpsichord, lutes, and viols swayed as different bloods were tasted. For the first time, the Roilsardi ruler tasted ruinborn. Enthusiastic words echoed through the hall before immediate laughter. "An ork can craft elven replicas if you just whip him enough." "Have you seen them withstand an entire flaying?" Lucian drank moderately as he was saving his tongue for the hunts. The Trollsbay’s misty forests and shores were delightfully exciting to prey upon, especially after waking up at dusk while watching the eastern horizon and the Cliffs of Ruin turn pink. But everything comes to an end, except immortality, and with immortality, everlasting bloody friendships. Before leaving, the ruler approached Lucian on behalf of all the barons. "We recognize your kingdom as a kindred nation to ours. Our friendship will never be forgotten. Would it deign you to accede to an alliance between our realms?"
