A few days ride from the town of Fasacglan, a threequarter circle of long abandoned buildings huddle around a clearing in the forest. One or two of them have collapsed under the weight of the snow, or from the rot that has infested many of the logs that keep them standing. Immarel could barely recognise the place, even though, centuries ago, in that hut, right over there, she had been born. Her family were sedentary; a rarity back then, especially in Gemradcurt, but ever more common once the Hibernal Crusade started. Now nearly all Snecboth lived like Immarel's family had. She had made sure of it. Immarel struggled through the snow, her footsteps heavy, until at last she came to her old home. As she entered, she could practically hear the sound of her parents chatting away. They loved to talk, often about the most random things; and about how proud they were of her. Of how great she was, of how powerful she'd be one day. Her mother's gentle smile, her father's beaming eyes; she remembered when the Taigan Order first found her, the last time she saw them alive. They'd both been killed by the Tuathak. And now her home was gone too. The town had been abandoned during the Hibernal Crusade, but it looked like it had at one point been reconverted to a hideout by Snecboth Guerillas. Weapons and armour were discarded around the room, most rusted beyond use, her old ornate furniture replaced with military equipment. On the wall there was a message, written in red, not blood, but paint. "Resist," it said. Immarel wished, hoped beyond hope. No, this wasn't from the Hibernal Crusade. This was from the Red Winter. She placed a hand to the paint, breathed hard, and hung her head. Another victim of her ambition, her pride. She wondered if, had she not taken the Prince's offer, this town in the middle of nowhere would still be alive? Or if it'd just be another Tuathak military camp, or if it'd be blasted ash. A voice awoke Immarel from her musings. "I thought you'd be here." Immarel turned to her benefactor, standing in the doorway behind her. "I had something I needed to tell you, but if you need time." The LadyMother shook her head, forcing a smile. "Then in that case, I'd like to tell you this. Our pact is fulfilled." Immarel raised an eyebrow, shocked. "You have crafted a winter eternal; a realm in which the snow always covers the ground, in which all may feel the embrace of cold. There is nothing more I can ask of you. Well done." The Archfey smiled. "If you ever need me, just call out, and I will be there. Farewell, my friend." And with that, the Everfrost Prince turned, and walked away. She looked back at the graffiti, staring at it in silence.
