The lizardfolk market, according to colleagues who had already visited, was a difficult one to break into. Our merchants were working from a position of weakness, and it appears that the lizardfolk had thus seen us as not worth talking to. Now we had more of a foothold in their lands, they were more open to engaging with us. And I, in this particular case, as I hoped to succeed where others had failed and finally work out a proper agreement. It was under these circumstances I met with several notable Lizardfolk figures in Khugra, and offered them wine to drink. They did seem disconcerted at the idea, but eventually relented after some persuasion. As they drank, I waited patiently; buoyed by the fact they seemed more relaxed once they were actually drinking the wine. After they finished, they all turned to look amongst one another, seemingly thinking of what to say. "It's... It's fine," one of them ventured. This caused the rest to nod in agreement, others repeating "fine, yes, fine." All seemingly afraid to admit they liked it too much, but still willing to accept it as a drink. "But, there are certainly ways it could be improved. Made more palatable to the more... refined Lizardfolk tastes." The others nodded again in agreement. I of course asked if they would be able to share some suggestions, and they were more than eager to supply them. Once I had taken out my journal to make notes I was barraged with a great amount of recommendations and requests, all of them highly specific. "the grapes should be trodden on this exact amount," "the wine should be fermented in a barrel made of this tree," "the wine should be spiced with this herb," and dozens of others. One even told me a tale about how the one hundred seventy-third of their Empires fell partially due to wine, so I must avoid making it like the wine in that story. I diligently recorded all these requests, and have passed it onto the Company. Even if they may be demanding, I do believe fulfilling the Lizardfolk’s requests would go a long way to making allies out of them, and expanding our influence in their markets. From the Journal of Malia síl Chalaal
