Sitting in the war room with his advisors, the monarch cannot focus on the matters presented on the table before him. "Caravans from South Castanor having significant delays, to maintain the quality of our rations I propose to acquire the grains from the Khet... Your Majesty, are you with us?" the advisor asked. "Yes, yes," the monarch replies. Ever since the ritual has been conducted in Oldhaven, many of the Karakhanbari orks have complained over their inability to sleep, due to the constant feeling of being watched. Perhaps no one has felt this as strongly as the monarch. The meeting has resumed not for long as suddenly an explosion of flames from the direction of the Black Hearth has filled even the war room with a wave of heat. The monarch and their advisors have run out to the forge, maintained by Karakhanbari shamans. When they entered the room, they saw the lid of the forge swung wide open, and against the light of the flames inside stood a tall black figure, enshrouded in fire, with long arms and legs and a crown made of twigs. "Thou hast deluded thyself with triumph, believing thou canst revel upon my grave," it made a step towards the crowd. "Thou darest to think thou canst tame the untamable with fire, and ax." As the figure exited the leam of the Black Hearth, the fire on its skin gave place to pearly white skin, spotted in places by horrid black burns. Deep green eyes of the figure, slotted in a regal, yet still youthful face transfixed the monarch as if merely a blink of them could cause their soul to leave its current vessel. "I had but wished to restore the world to its ancient glory, yet thou hast wrenched that hope from my grasp. Cling to thy fleeting freedom while thou canst, for the hour of Ashen Reckoning draweth nigh and it shall brook no delay. No further bargain awaits thee; only death." With a flash of green light, the figure disappeared. The cold silence of the forge was only broken when a wounded soldier, covered in blood, broke through the doors. As he fell to the ground, he whispered. "South Castanor is lost..."
