The newly built Grama Academy was quite the sight. Shamans moved in as aspiring students filled the halls. It was built in a fusion style of Castellyrian and traditional orkish. Torches lit up the room as the new headmaster had magical exams to test who could enter and who couldn’t, along with who got royal patronage. I was sitting in the Divination Room with six shamans around me, all with their eyes closed. The seventh shaman entered. He was extremely old, perhaps the same age as Grama when she died. He was blindfolded as he walked to the center of the room, using his staff to keep balance. As he stood on the platform, he began to chant in an unknown language. One shaman pulled a lever, causing the Clouded Eye to emerge from the floor. It was raised up until the Clouded Eye caught the light of the Sun during an eclipse. The light that shined off the Clouded Eye was too bright, making all of us with the ability to see look away. The head shaman, forever, faced straight at the Clouded Eye and stopped chanting. He slammed his staff down and said, I see a vision of three wolves. one white, one black, and one gray. The three wolves are trotting alongside each other through the woods, happening upon a city. They walk in and the path splits in three. To the left is the exit to the woods. To the right is a banquet hall. In the center is a university. The black wolf takes the left path, telling the others that he hates this place and wants to go back. On his way back, he is caught by hunters and slain. The white wolf takes the right path, telling the gray one that she tires of struggles and goes to the banquet hall. She parties there until a noble tosses a rope around her neck and she becomes a pet. The gray wolf takes the center path. He goes through some struggles, but he eventually reaches the university, where he finds a beautiful shewolf. The two have pups together. He turned to us and explained, Those wolves represent the different potential futures of our clan. If we stick too much to tradition, we will perish. If we forsake them, we become subjects of humans. But if we follow the advice of the shamans, we shall live.
