When I was growing up, I'd heard the legends of the Kolovadoy. I'd never, in my wildest dreams, believed I'd become them. I still wasn't sure I believed it. The Kolovadoy of my childhood dreams was a warrior, seeking and slaying evil. I, on the other hand, spent most of my days managing paperwork. I had my doubts. A voice interrupted my thoughts, from one so bold as to enter my office without first knocking. But it seems Andrianary was wiser than any of us knew. You truly are the Kolovadoy. The intruder was Naka Mastbreaker, one of the most highly respected members of The Council of the Tower. He was a man who had once been my superior, had become my peer, and now. So I've been told. You have a reason for interrupting me, I assume? I asked, briskly. Of course, Tower Commander. I've come to inform you, and to congratulate you. Naka said. I'd once thought of him as a lion. Now I saw him as a snake. For not only have you reclaimed the home of one god, but you've slain another. My gaze finally left my papers, to give Naka an unamused glare. He took the hint, and reached his point. The faithful of Kunolo are faltering, the false god loses followers every day. Recently, a group of Fangaulan humans fell back on their old barbaric customs. There have been increased reports of violence against lizardfolk, with a new murder nearly every week. Recently, priests of Kunolo have taken to sheltering these lizardfolk and have joined them as targets of vigilante violence. You speak as if murders in Kolo's City are a good thing. I say, disgusted. Worship of Kunolo is illegal, by your own decree. These priests are criminals, why should the laws they flaunt protect them? Currently, we are detaining a great number of accused vigilantes. If we were to release them now, Kolo's worship would reign supreme, with Kunolo's followers out of the way. Naka argued. Loathe as I was to admit it, there was some merit to the idea. Kunolo's worshippers had been a thorn in the side of our authority since we'd first reclaimed the city. To get rid of them without dirtying our own hands. Thank you, that will be all. You will have my decision by tomorrow. I said, making no effort to hide my disdain. And, next time, knock before you enter.
