The monarch sits comfortably upon their throne; despite all of their experience, their heart cannot seem to stop racing. A millennium of survival within the Deepwoods, yet not a single moment could compare to this one; this day among all others would be remembered for all of eternity. Upon a pedestal a mere five meters from their throne sat the symbol of the Wood Elves' new era. the Verdant Crown. The monarch had never set their eyes upon something so beautiful, something that could be so small, yet hold so much significance. This Crown, unlike those of nigh any other realm within Cannor, represented equally each region of its realm; every major Salla of the Deepwoods had taken part in creating this work of art. Our Salla provided three sealed glass droplets, each filled with some of the Silent Lake's water. Salla Myna, our closest kin, provided five emeralds, which have been embedded on the frontside of the crown, surrounding our droplets. Salla Drennen has provided a wreath of Drennen Thorned Shrub; with its thorns carefully angled outwards. Salla Cenág fashioned the base of the crown; an elaborate band carved from bone. Our kin from Salla Fealgarn dedicated the antlers of one of their Ceann's most beloved stags, which have been mounted to the front of the crown. Salla Ayeth, renowned for their craftsmen, brought delicately fashioned wooden arches that have been mounted to the top of the crown. Those of Salla Scotha decorated the crown with the most vibrant and colorful flowers that they could find. Meanwhile, Salla Ahain brought a filigree of gold to wrap around the Salla Ayeth arches. Lastly, those of Salla Ghúl provided a handful of black leaves, with which to decorate the rest of the crown. It was an imposing headpiece, one that was sure to demonstrate the unity and ferocity of our people to any that would dare to threaten the Wood Elves. The Ceanns and Ceannas of each clan lowered themselves down to their knees before the monarch's throne, as the DruidMagister Ceann took the crown off of the pedestal, strode over to the monarch, placing the Verdant Crown atop their head, only to lower himself down to his knees too.
