I finally disembarked in our port in Dao Nako after considerable delay, due to the port’s rather ramshackle condition, and as it turned out my own men managed to get their way into one of the barrels of wine; for sea legs would not be enough to make them as wobbly as they were by the time we were ashore. Nevertheless, I was still in time for the meeting with the governor, who promised to show me something wondrous at the feast this evening. I have been promised such things before and come back sorely disappointed, but it would prove to be rather different this time. After making my way down, the food was laid out ready, and the governor and local notables were sat waiting. As I sat down, my eyes were drawn to the centre of the table, where a bottle of pale white liquid stood. Of course, I immediately asked about this, and received a reply from a local chieftain. That, my friend, is the local drink, as you have taken to calling it. We make it from the palm trees you have seen all around. You make it from trees? How interesting, I replied, barely hiding my interest. Everyone watched on, and I assumed they were waiting for me to have a taste. With such expectations, and the promise of a new wine to introduce back home in Wineport, I simply had to. And it tasted well, strange at first. Unlike any wine I had before. But as I drank more, I grew to rather enjoy it. It had a sweetness to it that was pleasant, and the coolness of the drink was a great relief in the sweltering heat of the Sarhaly coast. I must admit, after I had had several glasses of the drink, and possibly some more, the rest of the evening and night became rather hazy. I do remember enjoying the local cuisine, then asking to be shown where they collect the palm wine. And then having a few more drinks there. When I woke up the next day, I noticed I was out of pocket of some of my money, but the ship’s hold had several barrels worth of palm wine. I was most satisfied, however, and a little relieved; it appears I still make sound financial decisions, when, well, not operating at absolute efficiency. From the Journal of Malia síl Chalaal, Wine Baron and member of the WFTC
