The ruler stands nervously at the far end of a long dark corridor. They are clad uncharacteristically for a Brelari ruler in the Council House at Brelar, for their robes are in crimson red, and their gold in antlers, not the signature golden wheel. Through the door at the far end of the hallway pours in the bright light of a fair sun and a sizzling susurrus of voices. They burrow doubt into the thoughts of the ruler until they are silenced by the call of a deep and loud horn. Beginning their walk, the ruler passes hundreds of knights lining the hallway, their banners are of Vareynn and Amacimst, heart to Brelar’s hold over feudal Dolindha. The shift of a hand and foot in clear and subdued motion speaks the Order’s assurance. "we have eyes everywhere, all is safe." Eagerness begins to replace the doubt in the ruler’s mind, yet their pace remains steady, cold and determined as the march of the Ironfolk legions. A roaring cheer greets the ruler when they emerge through the door; before the hall is gathered a crowd stretching further than the eye can see. They are commoners, soldiers, lords, priests, krahrnorian and ynnic, and all are awed by the sight of the ruler standing above the assembled Lords of the Dynastic Republic, all shining glamorously as though they have stepped out of a legend. "The fall of the Empire came as a second Great Flood unto all the Ynn, brought about by decadence and corruption as was the first. In rebuilding, reviving, the peoples and works of the Ynn from this decay we have done as our ancestors after the Great Flood, who with the instruction of the Whitetail Fox did learn to heal the world of the wound of the Ynn’s wrath. Yet what is perhaps not remembered is the days when the yen Dolin faded, and corruption and decadence ripened us for fall yet did not topple us, for in those days the yen Brelar, Demirad the Overseer, did rebuild not the houses and walls and Dams, but the laws, the ideals and the administration of the Ynnics. Now we have achieved both these reconstructions in one, for the Great Dams and the Works of the Ynn are magnificent as never before, and the structures and systems of the bureaucracy flow swiftly as the river." Upon a heightened marble podium stand the High Priests of Adbrabohvi, Svemel, and Bosancovac. Up to them the ruler now walks, as the Bosancovaco priest raises his voice and holds up in his arms the amulet of the Whitetail Fox. "By this Whitetail Amulet of the Brelari Dynasty, by their actions to reform the Empire of the Ynnics, by their justice, by their wisdom, and by the Grace of the Great River I crown thee Demirad the Second yen Brelar, Emperor of the Ynnics, the Buycev, and the krahrnorians, may your house and our Empire never wane again."
