We may have lived in this domain for three centuries, but we are still strangers in these lands. As night descends on the kingdom, you arrive at last in the clearing of stamped grass in the savanna, your eyes shifting to those of a leopard, allowing you to see as clearly as in broad daylight. The long grass suit covers you from head to toe as you light a great fire. Others appear wearing suits of grass and carved masks depicting the forms of lions, elephants, gazelles, oxen, and many others; some even seem to change their shape, their new ghastly forms poking out of their grass outfits. The dance begins, a bestial rhythm passed down for generations. Despite the outfits, you know most of the dancers. your husbands, the captains of your army, your sisters, and other ladies. You begin to wonder about the old tales of Ishyamtumu and how they never needed masks and disguises for these events, as you continue to dance through the night. In the first sliver of light before sunrise, as the fire dies and once again you shift your eyes to that of a leopard, you then see men hiding atop a nearby hill who have observed the night's events. They may be spies from a neighboring realm, maybe traders who wandered too close, it could even be some of your guards who refused to follow their orders to wait at the palace. Whatever the case, you can see they are afraid. In the year eleven oh four, seeking a reprieve from the Troll onslaught, we fled into the heart of a land barely known to us at the time. We struggled and triumphed before arriving in the heart of Amilak’s land. Here our people met the god himself, Amilak, accepting him in our hearts, though never forgetting where we came from. Our nights are filled with therianthropes howling. Our nobles pass down Tanizu traditions to their children, carefully guarded over the centuries. Our priests speak of the power of the land beneath us as often as of the power of Amilak above us. Our neighbors fear us, still considering us barely better than strangers in their lands. The neighboring realm still refuses to accept defeat and bays for our blood. But our people know we deserve to rule this land, as long as we have the strength to take it. Any setbacks are merely temporary on our way to triumph.
