As our scientists near the Serpent's Cave, the effects of the Rot become more and more noticeable in the surroundings. Even now there are still derelict dwellings, unlit forges, and abandoned supply trains in what were once thriving communities. In the area surrounding the cave itself, there are still the telltale signs of a mass exodus, as those who were healthy enough fled with all they could carry. Belongings and keepsakes are strewn around haphazardly, and a grim forest of ash-covered pyres lines the roads. One of the few known attributes of the Rot is that it was airborne, and so as the scientists approach the cave, they don hermetically sealed masks and suits prepared by our artificers, connected to pumps that draw air from a safe reservoir located far outside the cave. Each scientist is also attached to a sturdy rope leading outside, where a backup team waits with doses of the cure to pull them out at the first sign of danger. Carefully, the team makes their way down the unstable shaft towards the cave. The once wondrous cave was mostly destroyed in the huge earthquake which precipitated the beginning of the Rot. However, our initial surveys suggested a small channel left in the rubble may lead into the original lake; the scientists are to make their way as far as they can, taking samples of anything of note. The tunnel is partially submerged and lined with crushed bioluminescent plants oozing a glowing paste, samples of which are dutifully taken and passed back up the rope. As the rocks grow sharper and more debris blocks their way, the team pauses to clear them away and place supports to hold the rubble in place; they cannot afford to have their suits punctured, or they will need to return immediately. After hours of shuffling forwards and clearing rubble, the floor suddenly drops out into the lake proper. In a stroke of amazing luck, the remains of what appears to be the tail segment of the Serpent lie directly beneath. Using an extendable pole tipped with a pincer, they gather samples of the serpent's remaining skin, bone, and the sediment beneath it, as well as a few samples of the weakly glowing water. Then, they pull twice on the rope to signify their mission is complete, and begin the long shuffle backwards to the camp. Once the samples are safely back in the settlement, they will be categorized, analyzed, and closely examined using our ever-useful microscopes for any abnormalities or similarities to samples from those killed by the Rot.
