Claire. The dulcet voice of the mistress of the manor rang out over the courtyard, cutting through the tranquil morning. Trystane watched as a careworn halforkish house servant hurried to the manor entrance, rushing to attend to the whims of her mistress. Mother’s mood has been deplorable ever since that Redglades silk was delayed. Trystane observed the commotion from his favorite perch on the second floor balcony, his head leant against the windowmantel. Poor Claire would probably have to endure a tirade on how this was all the fault of the lazy cargo hauler slaves, who couldn’t keep to their schedule if their life depended on it. Then Mother would expound upon the innumerable moral failures of the orkish race in general, and, through some inexplicable mental acrobatics that probably made perfect sense in her own mind, make everything Claire’s fault in particular. Father had already vanished on one of his hunting excursions; these somehow always ended with the successful bagging of truly imposing quantities of rose wine in one of the many taverns enroute. It wasn’t entirely clear whether his newfound appreciation for the noble art of the hunt stemmed from his darling wife’s current disposition or the equally fervent desire to avoid tedious discussions with the chief foreman of the vineyard plantation. Amain had repeatedly attempted to bring increasingly dire reports to his attention regarding the unrest among the manor’s slave population; this had spiked ever since the work quotas were raised, largely in anticipation of the bills incurred by the lady of the house. Which of these explanations best matched the truth was still a frequent topic of discussion between him and his eldest sister Alara. She, for her part, was increasingly bemused by Mother’s zealous efforts to ensure her spinster daughter was garbed opulently enough to finally catch the eye of an acceptable suitor; at a positively decrepit twenty, Mother considered the upcoming grand ball at the Crimson Palace to be Alara’s absolute last chance. If only she could convince Mother to let her decide for herself which of her dresses to wear to the grand ball.
