I felt a dull ache in my side. It hadn't left me, not since I'd been betrayed. It was his fault, not mine. Public records had been edited to remove any mentions of the boy. Only my own memories remain of him, lying there, dead on the ground, by my hand. There was no cure for this ache, but work made it easier to forget. Paperwork that I'd once sought to escape was now my refuge, and on most nights I found myself finding more comfort in work than in sleep. It was one such night, as I was drafting plans for a new shrine, that I heard a knock on my office door. "Come in," I said, without thinking. The creature that entered looked like a Halfling, but I did not recognize it as a member of my guard. It smacked its lips noisily as it sucked clean bloodied fingers. My wargear was out of reach, but my hand instantly found a letter opener as I wordlessly stood and assumed a combat stance. "Hold, friend. You've nothing to fear from me, I've already eaten," the creature said, smacking its belly several times for emphasis. "Who are you? What do you want?" I asked, maintaining my stance. "Want? Why to thank you, of course. You've given me my greatest feast in centuries," it said, its grin widening to impossible extents. "As for who I am, well I'd tell you, but I believe you penned a law criminalizing the use of my name." My eyes widened for but a moment, before narrowing. "Eloko." "Funny how the one who makes the rules gets to break the rules." The creature laughed, adding, "You've got to be careful with that anti-Halfling rhetoric. Though if there were anyone I'd want associated with me, it'd be you. You haven't quite reached my body count, but you're doing quite well for a mortal." "Come closer and I may add you to my count, and render you the fairytale you ought to have been." I spat, tensing. "Oh, how rich. The Kolovadoy speaks to me of fairytales." The creature's laughter echoed throughout the room as I hurled the letter opener directly at its head. In a puff of mist, it vanished. Each candle illuminating my office extinguished in a moment, as its laughter echoed for a few seconds longer. Three guards would be reported missing following that night. I returned to my drafts, more driven than ever. To acknowledge this creature now would be a sign of weakness, but there were subtler ways of dealing with it. A shrine to the goddess of tricksters, one surely greater than this monster.
