Slavery. It has been a feature of orkish society for millennia. Since the dawn of our kin, we have had goblin slaves who did all the tasks we did not want to. Goblins farmed our crops, cleaned our camps, and served as fodder for our armies. Orks who fell into debt or wronged someone were often sentenced to slavery to pay off their dues. And as we entered Escann, some orks started to enslave humans. However, it seemed as if we were not alone in slavery, for the humans have enslaved defeated orks in mass. Nations such as Rosande own humongous plantations worked on by thousands of ork slaves. Luciande dominates the slave trade to Aelantier while Esthil tries to murder every ork they can find. A moral dilemma has been raised in the capital. To many, slavery is a way of life and has been since the dawn of time. The strong take from the weak and that’s how things are. However, a growing movement has emerged. As escaped ork slaves have entered Unguldavor and spread their stories, many are shocked and horrified. Scars and bruises are displayed showing the horrors of slavery, with many hearing about families torn apart during auctions. Many, especially devout Corinites, believe slavery to be fundamentally evil and anathema to everything they believe in. In their eyes, no ork, halfork, human, or even goblin should be enslaved as it steals their fundamental right to fight for righteousness. There is also an economic element to it. While the nobility and aristocrats get wealthy off plantations, said wealth does not reenter the economy as slaves do not pay taxes nor spend money. There is no drive to innovate when a slave owner can just buy more slaves. This is the view of a revolutionary new economist, Shador Skullcrusher. He suggests that competition between economic actors on the free market over labor leads to higher wages and more economic activity. His analysis is viewed with suspicion, but perhaps it could be used to weaken the power of the clans, many of whom practice slavery. The monarch looks at their advisors and says when asked about slavery.
