While Castan himself had little interest in talking with our expeditions, the other members of his small legion were more open. They spoke of their quest to find the Pit of Grilax, going off increasingly vague clues to various locations in Eastern Sarhal. The final goal had been to enter the Shadow Swamp, find the world tree they had been told was located at its centre, and burn it to the ground. This was what they had done with the world tree in Escann to fight the influence of the fey, and it was theorised torching the world tree here would end the spread of monsters into the human world. “Not that we ever found that tree,” Dostor said, glancing over his shoulder to ensure Castan was not within earshot. “It wasn’t until your strange party of beasts and men arrived that I learned it did exist. I don’t know how we missed it, or how we ended up here. I’ve always said the doors to the lands of death swung right open when they saw us approaching, recognising all our contributions to their lands.” He swung back his head and laughed again, with a few other members of the legion also grimly chuckling. “What could have possibly compelled your merry gang to come to this place anyways?” he asked. One of the group explained finding the tomb in Esuvrem, assuming it was Beastbane inside, and brought forward the journal that was found there. As Dostar thumbed through it, his hands started to shake. When he spoke again, it was in a much softer tone than his usual. “This journal belonged to Rogiec, a fellow legionnaire who left this camp to find water a long time ago and never returned. I had not thought of him in ages.” His voice began to tremble. “That tomb was my brother’s. He was a true believer in Castan and in Castanor. He did not want his grave to have his own name. He simply wanted it to say that he was a true soldier of Castan.” With a jolt, he grabbed the translator by the arm and pulled him in. “His name was Tomar. You must remember his name. You must mourn his death. I cannot cry anymore. This place robs you of that ability. You must do it for me.”
