Gram Glassgrinder is late; he had promised to deliver his new magnifier prototype to the enlightened more than a week ago. Incensed by another apparent waste of state funds by the gnome, a group of soldiers were sent to forcibly bring him before the council, with clear orders that he would either present an invention or be sentenced to hard labour to work off his debts. However, upon arriving at his residence they found a ruined and gutted dwelling with Glassgrinder nowhere to be seen. Following a tip from a neighbour he was located wandering deliriously on a nearby road, necessitating a temporary halt to supply services to retrieve him. On the way back to the capital, he appeared to regain his senses and begged for forgiveness. As he tells it, he had only been unable to deliver on his previous inventions as a cartel of powerful artificers had forced him to pay them regular stipends in exchange for protection. These same artificers had threatened him into silence, taken credit for his inventions, and when he took on this newest project hoping to complete it without them knowing, they tore his dwelling apart and stole his prototypes, including the working magnification device. Naturally we did not believe his convenient excuses at first, but after enough grovelling we gave in and began to interview other scientists who had received state funding. Quickly we discovered that many were elusive, visibly nervous and some even broke down into tears upon questioning; the very same artificers had been syphoning state funds from our scientists for years, taking advantage of their meek and eccentric nature to avoid detection. Those scientists who have confessed to being victimised have been returned to their dwellings with empty promises of protection and orders to remain silent for now. We cannot afford to make any overt moves against a cartel controlling an unknown number of the realm's foremost researchers, as their knowledge is of critical importance to our nation. We must quickly yet stealthily investigate this cartel and determine the extent of their control before they realise anything is amiss.
