After teaching the natives how to use our weapons, they gave us some of their singing crystals, and we parted ways amicably. Now, we have found ourselves in Sarda, a land of remarkable, seemingly normal elves, albeit with some astoundingly bizarre hair colors. The trials have not stopped coming, however, for while we were making our way across one of the enormous dams that stands astride the Ynn, we were beset by a party of natives. They have denied us passage until we, a neutral party, decide who is to receive the better half of a tract of land. Both parties seem to have an equal claim to the land, and our ruling will likely be arbitrary, but first, we must convene to listen to Orbin's aetheric monitor, which continues to remind us why we are on this quest in the first place. Orbin emerges from his tent, Cela by his side. They have been spending more and more time together, their heads bent together in conversation, and as the diminutive Orbin takes a seat, fiddling with his aetheric monitor, Cela claims the spot at his side. Through his experiments with the singing crystals that we received from the Epednar, the voices have grown stronger and clearer still, and as the monitor sparks and crackles, we listen as a new, distinctly feminine voice echoes from it. "Please, I'm begging you. I'm begging all of you. Stop this madness before it proceeds out of control. We are all in this together, are we not? Why are we at one another's throats? Please, Urion, Galindor; think of your wives. Think of your children. And you, all you other foolish men; think of your families. One death is one too many. Let us talk through our disagreements like adults. Please; I implore you; put down your weapons and listen to me." We do not like the sound of this. We have grown fond of these faceless elves after listening to them for so long, and to hear that they are fighting one another plunges us into dismay. Instead of flagging, however, we resolve to pick up the pace with renewed determination. We must reach the Vault before something terrible happens.
