When we first encountered the Taychendi, they reminded us so fondly of ourselves. A people embroiled in endless war, who found glorious meaning on the battlefield. Centuries ago, when Aósiki first united our people, we would have been unwilling to end their perpetual wars, finding it a practice uniquely familiar to us. But since then, the idea of our people has evolved, compelling us to find worth outside of the clash of a blade. When we unified the Taychendi, they misunderstood and even actively rejected our regime, for we brought an unfamiliar peace to their fractious land. Integrating the Taychendi into our culture would be a far greater challenge than that of the Kheionai and Mteibhar, but one which we were specially equipped for. What better way to teach the Taychendi than to study our own development? We started with tried methods. As we did with the Kheionai, we overthrew their decadent masters. As we did with the Mteibhar, we showed them the light of our faith. But they remained a confused society, aimless and foreign. So at last, we allowed them to be exposed to other peoples, other ideas, as we were. The Oren Nayiru worshipped false gods, but they were a great assistance to us, for they taught the Taychendi what we could not. how to fight to one's beliefs. So we constructed grand cities and roads for them, and allowed our fellow peoples of Andeios to migrate into Taychend. And eventually, a new people was formed, one which understood our brotherly ideals, while retaining the gloryseeking spirit of the old Taychend. As much as we admired the bombastic glory of the old days, now that the peace and prosperity of our people shines in all corners of Taychend, we have built a Taychend far more substantial than anything which preceded it. Only one question remains. like the other people which we have made our brothers, we could integrate them fully into our empire. But the Taychendi hold a special place in the heart of the Fasirí, and many have called for them to be reformed into an empire equal to our own.
