The Kingdom of Bjarnrík has seen more stable and prosperous times. In the far north of Cannor, Gerudia has always been a cold and difficult place to live. Plagued with regional warlords for most of recorded history, many Gerudians had migrated overseas during the Era of Black Ice. However, with the return of Bera Bjarnsson in eight eighty-two AA, the Dalr Valley was united for the first time under the Crown of Bera. Under her kingdom, the disparate regions of the Dalr Valley were forced to cooperate for the first time. During the rise and fall of Black Castanor, Bjarnrík expanded its influence across the Giant's Grave Sea. Only concerted efforts by the plucky Reachmen stopped permanent conquest of the southern coastline, with our greatest defeat at the hands of the Serpentgarders. With Black Castanorian cooperation, the kingdom was able to send warriors and unwanted troublemakers overseas, and enjoyed favorable trade and raiding rights as far as the Bulwari coast. However, with the fall of Black Castanor and the defeat of the Sorceror King, Bjarnrík found itself isolated and with its once valuable trade routes cut off. Without the support of Black Castanor, the binding of the regions of Bjarnrík began to unravel. During the War of the Bears, brother was pitted against brother for the throne, nearly ending the rule of the Bjarnsson dynasty. In the end, the Sidaettbacked Totil Bjarnsson took the throne from the sitting King Gunnarr. From then on, the authority of the crown dwindled and instead collected in the outlying regions, primarily Sidaett and Revrhavn. In an attempt to modernize Bjarnrík and end the decentralized stranglehold, the act of reaving was outlawed in the early fifteenth century. However, from the port of Revrhavn reaving is still permitted, due to the longstanding power and wealth of its captains. Half of Bjarnrík stands opposed to raiding and the practice of thralldom, while others profit from it. And meanwhile, brother steals land from brother, and Trolls continue to murder our people and ravage the land.
