Deep inside the bellows of the Gushibi Citadel, flanked by a multitude of thick walls, stood the grand hall of iron. It was decorated with weapons, armour, and equipment, not of themselves or their unfortunate enemies, but of their former oppressors, testaments to their victory over those who sought to break and exploit them. And it was in this hall that the men of Gushibi had sworn an oath of protection to the community, to the people, and to the ancestors. From today, this new oath would start to be moulded into shape. While all estates agreed that a new oath and set of basic laws were to be made, what those should be was still up in the air. They did, however, agree on a few basic principles, which would guide this realm of downtrodden peasants, refugees of war, and exiles of intrigue. First of all there was the Principle of Freedom. all inhabitants of Gushuokguan were free to believe as they wished and to practise their cultural practices without obstruction, for as long as one did not harm the other. The second was the Principle of Balance. this principle proclaimed that power was to be split between the different estates and powers within Gushuokguan. The eunuchs wanted to retain their control over the bureaucracy, while the Stone Army’s commanders wished to remain in control of the armed forces, all while the peasants wished to gain more influence over the governing of the realm. Third came the Principle of Service. Whether one was a peasant who delivered tons of grain to market, a eunuch who kept the administration running, or a soldier protecting the realm, one who lived in Gushuokguan would be expected to serve the realm and especially their fellow men. All were working for the betterment of the realm and the everlasting march towards prosperity, and as such all must offer something to the community as a whole, no matter what. These principles shall now form the base of Gushuokguan, the bedrock of the Stone Republic upon which they shall build a peaceful and harmonious society. The Triple Alliance of Soldier, Peasant, and Eunuch will be the start of something glorious, something new.
