This cannot be, it simply cannot, utters the Chief Hoila'kosu softly. The Chief Alas'gasidi will make a mockery of our sacred elections if he is allowed candidacy. The Chief Hoila’kosu turns to her assembled electorcouncil. We may not have the power to defy his entrance, but we, all of us, must agree. not a one shall cast their lot in for the current ruler. The magnificent festival and market that accompanies every Hoila'kosu election day is one of the grandest in living memory. Tens of thousands of traders, farmers, and villagers from Hoila'kosu lands and even all Haraf gather here to make merry, trade, and witness the spectacle of the election, of the Day of Bounty’s Choosing. The current ruler makes his parade to the bustling city for a day under the escort of a hundred Nean'áuvulin with the Chiefs Datai'tsel and Leeti'haàt in tow. Finally, they arrive at the forum where every elector, and therefore candidate, has the privilege of standing atop its speakers' platform. The current ruler takes his place among the electors and the Chief Hoila'kosu. The Chief Alas'gasidi turns to address the huge, clamoring crowd. A chief of a separate House in the running for the chiefdom of House Hoila'kosu is unprecedented; yet not expressly forbidden. "My dear people," shouts the current ruler in a speechlike cadence. "I sincerely hope that you all enjoy the magnificent festivities hosted by our gracious Hoila'kosu. I would also like to announce that in my benevolence and goodwill, I have brought food and drink aplenty, enough from the bounteous lands of Alas'gasidi to extend the festivities here for three more days and nights." The crowd roars in jovial hollering as the words leave the current ruler. "The current ruler. The current ruler. A chiefdom for the bounty of Alas'gasidi," chants several men in the crowd. Soon, all in the crowd mimic their chant and the final vote is called to quell the rising tensions. The Chief Hoila'kosu and her electors scan the forum. an expectant mob calling for an Alas'gasidi, the guard of every other House outnumbering the Hoila'kosu many times over; she contemplates postponing the vote until the current ruler leans to her and whispers, "Your electors are already aware of what will happen if this vote ends unfavorably. Let us preserve the peace of this illustrious gathering." The Chief Hoila'kosu offers only a solemn expression as she and the electors voice their votes. "It is unanimous. Alas’gasidi is our new chief."
