Today, in Nean’kabahn, the Day of Bounty’s Choosing is held. While usually a festive event, abundant in food and entertainment, the people’s minds this day are not on celebration. The streets are deserted, the stalls void of any food. In the central forum, the city’s population is patiently waiting for the electorcouncil to present itself. As the ruler enters the empty city, he can easily guess the reason behind this mournful atmosphere. destruction and death, the only constants in war. Finally, there is movement behind the speakers’ platform. Without a word, the electorcouncil takes its place before the audience. A young elf, significantly less richly attired than the rest, marches proudly toward the front of the podium. "People of Nean’kabahn and beyond. Do you remember your origins? Do you remember your oaths? Do you remember your gods? I ask you this today not because I doubt your honor or zeal but to remind you what the Alasg’asidi have forsaken. Should we continue toiling under them when they want to undermine our authority, destroy our founder Nibe’no’s legacy, and ignore their own promises of prosperity? Even as the spirits punish us for working with them? Servants of Di’ikunail have begun taking up arms again, and spirits of rain have stopped gracing our lands. I ask you, should we continue to serve the Alasg’asidi?" Revealing the ruler to the crowd, the monarch fervently speaks up from the other side of the square. "Do you not hear what you are saying? You claim you want prosperity, yet you are ready to declare war on the Federation? What would Nibe’no, the greatest visionary of her time, think if she saw you so averse to modernity? Certainly not that you honor her memory." "Look who it is, our great Neàn’anii came again to threaten us with their army once again. Do not think that this will work on us another time, Alas’gasidi. We have seen enough of your false promises. Why don’t you stay with us longer so you can finally accept who the people truly want?" Not long after, the verdict drops. the young Hoila’kosu is to be the new chief, having received the quasitotality of the votes save those from the few supporters the old chief kept. For the first time in weeks, the forum is filled with cheer before turning its attention to the monarch. Escorted by the ruler’s personal guard, the monarch is shamefully forced out of the city and is only filled with doubt as they ride towards Nani Kinn.
