The monarch grips the talisman around his neck tightly as he and his retinue approach the designated spot; an arena in which the chiefs of Alas'gasidi and Keiin'achi will participate in an ancient Keiin'achi tradition. a fatal duel whose winner takes rule of the other's domain. The monarch dismounts his horse and enters the arena; a large, simple dirt circle, its perimeter skirted with lowlying flames where the Chief Keiin'achi awaits. The Chief Keiin'achi holds a steady glare. "So, the Alas'gasidi has finally come? The great unifier? I suppose I must admit a modicum of respect for you, unlike the other great houses; soft and undeserving of their station, who at the whim of their lord pledge undying loyalty." The Chief Keiin'achi's expression and tone then quickly becomes dark. "None of that matters now. When nothing remains of you but ashes, the houses will understand that what is truly important; the power to enforce your will, to dominate, and they will all fall before the Keiin'achi." The monarch barely has time to unsheathe his knife before a firebolt glances past his body. "Is that it? A knife?" The Chief Keiin'achi laughs. "I command the fires of this world and you deign to kill me with a sharp bit of metal? Let's finish this, then." As the Chief Keiin'achi finishes speaking, he lets loose a giant stream of flame; a cone of utter destruction, engulfing the monarch. Then, slicing through the flames, a blade's edge sinks deep into the chest of the Keiin'achi. The flame dissipates to reveal an unscathed monarch. "You," the Keiin'achi struggles to speak amidst the pooling blood in his lungs. "How?" The monarch dangles the talisman around his neck. "A special sort of necklace," states the monarch. "It was fashioned by one of your penitents. The Diyof'dianil. Enchanted with some sort of abjuration, he tells me." The monarch pulls the knife from the dying Keiin'achi's chest. "He will take your place now. In service to the greater Kinah, of course." The felled mage's breathing stops as the monarch returns to his mount. 'Great unifier', thinks the monarch. With the fealty of the Keiin'achi, it is no longer just a dream, but now within reach. The unity of all Haraf'ne.
