The monarch leaves his chambers with a heavy step. Across the inner courtyard, four Haraf’ne elves are waiting eagerly for the arrival of their Neàn’anii around the ceremonial bonfire. At that moment, although so much has changed since Da’kino’s Decree came to pass, the night seems eerily similar to that of the council of fourteen forty-four; the distrustful looks on the chiefs’ faces, the cool and dry air charged with electricity, and the eerie silence pervading Nani Kinn together conjure a vision of the past. "We waited long for your arrival," starts the Datai’tsel representative. Strangely, the monarch cannot recognize the tough elf talking to him, only the golden sash awarded to Datai’tsel military leaders. "I take it that our great Neàn’anii feared the Great Council’s opinion? Or does he truly remember none of our traditions?" "I’m surprised your chief didn’t grace us with his presence," plainly answers the monarch, ignoring the elf’s disrespectful remarks. "Who are you to talk for your chief in this council? We are past the time of sending envoys to attend sacred meetings." "Why do you assume you aren’t talking to the chief? I didn’t imagine an Alas’gasidi could be so bold. My name is Enme’tseelo Datai’tsel, and I am here today not to continue licking the boots of the Alas’gasidi but to announce House Datai’tsel’s rebellion. We, the riders of the Roaming Assembly, witnessing the decadence of the Federation, have asserted our rightful authority to take over House Datai’tsel from that dynasty of weaklings. We will not abandon our ways for some puny foreigners. Not today." Enme’tseelo’s declaration sparks an instant outcry from the other chiefs, who have previously kept to themselves. Loudest among them, the Keiin’achi chief springs up at the sound of the word rebellion. "Are you mad? Don’t you remember the last time a Great House stood against the Federation?" "Are you really in a good position to say this? Your penitence can never redeem the acts of your Di’ikunailworshiping House," retorts Enme’tseelo, who has already returned to his horse. "Not today," finally declares Enme’tseelo, before riding off towards the rising sun. And so, the council is dissolved. The Hoila’kosu and Keiin’achi chiefs depart for their territories, anguishing at the thought of the rebellion’s destruction. Before taking his leave, the Leeti’haàt chief offers a final thought to the monarch. "Isn’t it terrible to stand in the way of progress?"
