The consort has been rather unhappy with you lately, and the silence in your chambers is colder than any winter wind. Her expression is a mask of stony disappointment; she claims that you have been neglecting her, that you see her as a mere trophy, that you have made no effort to understand the culture you married into. Your protests that you are simply preoccupied with matters of state fall on deaf ears. "Then remain preoccupied," she says coolly, "Alone." She shakes her head and flies away; over the next few days she refuses to be seen in court with you or lay with you. It seems she will keep her distance until you make her feel heard and appreciated. With a heavy sigh, you send a summons to a local province for one of their harpy loresingers and philosophers to learn from and seek her wisdom. She is ushered into your study, and her eyes hold both a speckle of mirth and a sharp, knowing intelligence. Upon hearing your predicament, she lets out a low chuckle. "A familiar song," she croaks. "You wish to soothe her heart? Then you must understand her soul. You must learn one of our Seven Doctrines, your monarch, the philosophies that guide our flocks. Show her you have embraced a part of her world." She then begins to list them on her taloned fingers. “The Crane emphasises material security and prosperity. The Gull, one of the oldest, focuses on pleasure, travel, and worldly satisfaction. The Sparrow is for small flocks with a love of adventure and challenge. The Owl, often associated with a specific region, is all about mystery, paradox and complexity. The Eagle, ambition and determination. The Myna, rather opposite, focused on cooperation and exchange. Last, but not least, the Osprey, often considered a blend of the Eagle and the Gull, focuses on the open sea.” She leans forwards, her wings curling around her like a cloak. “Each has their own songs, their own histories, and I can teach you the heart of any of them, if any you think would catch your mate's fancy. For a small fee, of course.”
