A letter was placed upon the table beside the monarch as they ate a secluded lunch. Their eyes roamed across the golden lettering upon the page and darted from one exquisite marginalia to another. They finished reading and, perplexed, requested an escort to the public bath house. As the monarch walked, they recollected the events of the past couple months. They had invited a Silk Turban school scholar to the country and given them free reign to roam the streets. Within weeks this decision seemed to achieve its ends exquisitely. The markets were full with previously unseen goods brought in by merchants from afar, who of course were obliged to pay a tax on imports. The newfound revenue quickly solved the monarch’s problems, and soon they turned their attention to other issues. They thought that would be the end of the matter, but as they rounded the corner to the bath house, they realized there was more to this scholar than a desire for wealth. The baths were normally a quiet place, but today a swarm of workers enveloped the site. Masons worked to remove sections of old mud brick walls and replaced them with freshly cut granite. Artisans worked to refurbish frescos and tile mosaics, while drapers brought in smooth silk curtains and hung them in the windows. A smith placed gemstones and fine metals within the floor, while another man brought in golden hanging candelabras to place into new ceiling fixtures. The scholar emerged from the commotion with a merchant beside him and quickly approached the monarch. The scholar spoke, "I see you received my companion’s missive. Good. Soon the baths of the capital city will be the most magnificent emulation of the golden temple’s aesthetics. This man has embraced my teachings full heartedly and donated a significant portion of the funds for this project himself. It would seem your subjects are finally beginning to understand the importance of utilizing their wealth to enrich and uplift their community." The scholar smiled, "Purtara may finally be within their grasp." With jubilation, the merchant and the scholar departed. The monarch stood in shock. The scholar’s teachings truly seemed to be taking hold. What would this mean? This very well might. A page ran up beside the monarch and produced a letter with a golden seal. The monarch began to read.
