In an unremarkable room by the lakeside, three representatives stand before the monarch. With the recent unification of the Khamgunai people, it has become apparent to the influential players of the realm that the monarch has plans to move the capital to a far more significant city than the one in which they reside now. Of the many cities which sent delegates hoping to petition the monarch, only three have been allowed to proceed to this informal meeting. Kovtalzar, Qarshtuluu, and Zurkanrek. Of the three, the plenipotentiary from Kovtalzar is the most dignified; he dresses in simple traditional robes and talks in the soft accent of eastern Khamgunai. He gives a short speech summarizing the long history of Kovtalzar, being sure to remind the monarch that Kovtalzar is the first and most ancient city of the Khamgunai. Finally, he presents a simple amber pendant to the monarch, the representation of the city’s prized gemstone industry. When the delegate from Qarshtuluu steps forward, one can hear the sound of one thousand scintillating gemstones. They have dressed in an elaborate outfit which covers most of their body and obscures their face. They speak of the opulent palaces, the prismatic towers, and the great libraries of their home city. After they finish their speech, they genuflect, and hold up a glittering sword – their gift to the monarch, and say that it is the blade of Avakirmiin, a legendary Khamgunai warrior. Finally, the man from Zurkanrek begins to speak. He has not the assurance of the others; he speaks of the future, not the past. Zurkanrek is a city that has only grown into prominence in recent years, having used the influence of the Treasure Fleet to transform itself into one of the primary ports of the lake. His gift is the largest of the three. a nephrite vase onto which foreign symbols have been carved – and housed within lies a miniature tree bearing golden fruit. He says it was carefully negotiated from the most recent treasure fleet, and was produced over decades by master botanists in Yanshen. The monarch is careful not to indicate their position, and with the offerings complete, the three delegates can only wonder. who will be chosen?
