Beyond the eastern mountains lies an alien land filled with unknown races and mysterious artifacts. The terrain is highly variable, seemingly having been altered artificially by some ancient civilization. Our expedition was initially disastrous, as we were attacked by what we perceived at the time to be a gang of redskinned demons. We were forced to abscond back into the mountains, but the presence of such strange people, and the capable weapons and magic they used, all but confirmed our suspicions of this land’s arcane capabilities. With this in mind, we continued further north, straddling the mountain range, until the forest of the demons ended and we were met with a vast desert, much like the one in Nuzurbokh. It was here where, lacking in supplies, we chose to descend. We were able to meet with some local Rünsukhi, whom we had not known lived so far south. Their settlement being too small to house us for long, they advised us to accompany the trade caravan which passed through their town every few weeks. With little to do other than wait, our men were able to learn much about the lands to the south from the townsfolk. We learned of the kingdoms of the red Hobgoblin people, who are deeply in tune with magic but also highly xenophobic towards outsiders who have nothing to give them. However, we believed that the Hobgoblins would not attack us if we asserted our close association with the state of Ikögshaantus. Therefore, we accompanied the caravan to a southern city known as Iona Saothar. Though I could go on for hours on the wonders we saw in that place, we were sure to not lose focus of our secondary objective. to assist the Sanadazjal in their magical pursuits. Initially, we had some success in trading for magical artifacts with the Hobgoblins, but it soon became clear to us that they were hiding their more potent technologies from us. By the grace of the ruler, I recommend you sponsor further expeditions, and give them more things to trade with these beings. If we had more resources, I do not doubt that the magical bounty we would have acquired would have been extraordinarily useful.
