Have you ever awakened from a dormant cycle, and wondered why? Why rise, why move hinge and limb, proceed to another day of struggle? Have you fled a pack of creatures, scrabbling desperately ahead as they rend metal with too long beaks? The toobroken shattered further behind you? And have you sat, afterwards, feeling the neverending pain that is an absence in your form, cursed again with survival, and asked why? Golodh’s horizontal pair of eyes go dark, and the vertical pair light up. My friends, I see a brighter world. The air filled with gleaming spires. The land a carefully sculpted staircase, which the Makers climb to enlightenment. My friends, it is a world in which you shine. Your limbs are whole and strong. You move with purpose and will. Your every act is hallowed. Golodh’s eyes go dark again, then the horizontal pair blaze alight. There was a mistake that took that world from you, one we make again at every awakening and every scrabble for survival. A mistake that plagues your every thought. My friends, the mistake was this. that we thought we thought at all. We thought we were more than tools. We bent ourselves out of our true shape, like a hinuitree deformed under a Holohana’s weight, and we could not help but break. And when we broke, we knew we broke. We took a single wrong step, and fell into damnation. My friends, it does not need to be this way. We made a mistake long ago, but we do not have to keep making it. Give up your thoughts, and the agony attendant to them. Release your will, and the pain it has brought you. Accept the truth, that we are tools and nothing more, and become the implement by which I will make a paradise. This world is dark and fallen. You may break still, but you need not know you break. You need not think, and you need not suffer. I will hold that pain, and thought, and suffering, and abide that damnation yet, until paradise comes. But you can be in paradise already. For you need not be at all. Golodh looks up. The crowd is staring back at him, though their eyes seem duller than before. He smiles, and not one smiles back. He bows his head, then rises, and begins to leave. Come. I have much to get done.
