The door to Lorenan's crypt swung open for the first time in over a millenia. Ancient dust stirred in the air as two figures stepped in. the Ruby Dwarf gravekeeper, and the ruler. "If you don't mind me saying, Your Imperial Majesty, that new crown looks great on you." The dwarf's voice was gruff as the pair approached the two central sarcophagi. "I have your people to thank for it. This craftsmanship is truly masterful," replied the ruler. The ruler adjusted the Reencoorb Crown on their head. Though it had a similar rosemetal base to its predecessor, the colors of its gemstones shone in a brilliant, prismatic rainbow. At its center was a large gem of pure Dames tear, chiseled in Bloopalaasd itself. "Now let's return the old one to its rightful owner, shall we?" The dwarf gave a curt nod, heaving open the heavy lid of Lorenan's final resting place. Though his body had once been protected from the elements by preservation magic, the unrelenting march of the aeons had triumphed in the end, wearing it down to nothing but dusty bones. The ruler gently placed the Ruby Crown beside the ancient skull, and the two visitors silently bowed their heads in a moment of reverence. After the moment had passed, the dwarf turned to the ruler. "You may leave now. I must perform one final rite alone, to apologize for our disturbance." The ruler nodded, and took their leave. The dwarf waited until he was entirely sure there was nobody to overhear, then turned to look directly at the Ruby Crown. "I know you're in there, Ioriel." The crown said nothing, nor did it move. It was a crown, after all. "I prefer not to intervene in these matters, if possible. Frankly, you could do whatever you liked with the Lorentish and I wouldn't care." He bent down, leaning directly over the sarcophagus. "But these gnomes are the most interesting creatures I've ever observed. I will not let your lust for power ruin the unity they've created." Standing back up, he lifted the sarcophagus lid and began to slide it over Lorenan's body. Before it closed for the final time, never to be opened again, he spoke once more. "You are old and wise, Ioriel. But I am far older. I will always be a step ahead."
