Internal request for reassignment. Though it has only been a single day since I was reassigned to the Gommo's Portnamm branch, I can confidently say that it is not the right fit. Immediately upon disembarking from our ship, myself and the other arrivals were beset by a group of redcapped individuals who pressed tickets to the local theatre into our hands, citing the need for mandatory Iochandization. While searching for a trash bin, I happened to glance at them and realize they were crudely made fakes, labeled with multiple obscenities. By this point I had already realized what must pass for humor in this thoughtforsaken city, so I quickly made my way to the Gommo branch while taking care to avoid any further interactions. While I would have preferred not to leave the sanctum of the office for the remainder of my time here, my supervisor demanded I attend a play with her in the interest of cultural integration. Faced with the threat of unemployment, I gave in. During our walk to the theatre, we were again assailed by a group of redcapped individuals, who physically assaulted us with a baked pastry dish to the face. I attempted to report this unprovoked attack to the authorities, but they and my supervisor both brushed it off as harmless fun. I have included an invoice for the cost of a new uniform, as well as emotional damages. The show itself was about as dry and uninspiring as one would expect from a society of this caliber. During the intermission, I made the mistake of leaving my seat unattended for a brief few minutes. Upon returning, I noticed yet another redcapped individual standing nearby. It seemed that he had rigged the chair using primitive artificery so that, upon sitting down, it produced a loud and immature sound resembling that of flatulence. Unsurprisingly, this brought great amusement to those around me. I didn't bother to stay for the play's second half. I would recommend that whoever made the decision to send me here be given a thorough mental evaluation. Even the Trollsbay would be preferable to this. Frankly, I question whether our Portnamm branch is even worth maintaining. Get me out of here as soon as you can. Please. Sincerely, Mindi Whistletossle
