In all the wide lands that centaurs call home, centaur communities are not usually known for their villages. Indeed, many shamans believe that the process of sedentarization involved with urbanization is an insult to Irdaeos. It is strange, then, to find such a bustling centaur metropolis in the capital. It is not a city of sturdy buildings and stone roads, of course, but of fragile, hastily assembled tents. A few days ago this city did not exist, and in a week's time it will be gone. For now, though, this labyrinth of tents might be the most hectic and vibrant festival on the continent. Outside his tent, a scarred, elderly warrior tells stories of battle and heroism, while children listen with a mix of horror and wonder. Elsewhere around a bright bonfire a dozen drunken centaurs erupt in laughter at a poorly told joke that would make any sober man roll their eyes. And everywhere, no matter where you go, is the inescapable thunder of a thousand centaurs moving at once, as people gallop to find their friends, grab another drink, or simply for the sake of running. In the center of this hurricane of festivities is Caehn’s Hill, with your tent at the top and with a full view of the camp. From the individual, to the clan, to the whole Ordsiwyn and beyond; all capable join in the celebration of music and dance. Festivalgoers gather around their clan tents and bonfires, enjoying reunions and sharing news. At the appointed hour, clan musicians or supporting shamans call their groups to attention; in an instant, the grounds silence. A breeze billows by, flaring up the crackling fires and fluttering the canvas flaps. a sign of favor from Irdaeos. Without direction, the musicians set the mood for their respective clans. solemn dirges, jolly allegros, and every manner of emotional piece with no two camps the same. The first notes play as centaurs step forward with their songs. A courageous lover avows her affection to a clanmate, a strange exile recounts his tribulations and hopeful acceptance into the clan by ceremony's end, and a grieving couple laments their child's sudden departure to disease. The solo verses give way to a joyous call as the music realigns to the clan's past victories, hopes, and fears for the morrow. Folk dances, passed down along family and clan alike, break out as centaurs bound to the music, arm in arm and hand in hand. Thump. Thump. Clap. Thump. Hooves impact the ground, accented by whistles and cheers. The disparate enclaves merge in mood and meter, reaching a fever pitch as the whole camp joins into a unified dancer. Drum and hoof, whistle and string. all in joyous community.
