The stands were filled on the grounds of Wexkeep. The fortress was playing host to a Grand Tournament, the likes of which hadn’t been seen since before the Lilac Wars. Food was shared, bets were placed, and most all the noble houses were present to watch their knights. The Duke of Wex was pleased. Almost all the banners of import in the empire were present; the only notable absentee was Duchess Aucanna of Istralore. That was no surprise, nor much of a shame. She’d never willingly set foot in Wexkeep, a place she held so much contempt for. The Duke of Wex decided to enjoy her absence. Aucanna was inept at social events. Politics, after all, was a long and dangerous game. Jousting, it seemed, was not nearly so complicated. The final bout of the tournament was about to begin, and the matchup was causing a stir. One of the finalists was an unnamed warrior who had only put his name down as “The Blade of the Dales.” The man was on the short side, wearing wellworn chain mail and a full helm to hide his face. He was unassuming and many had expected him to go home in failure after his first bout. But the warrior was good, and though he was small he quickly proved that his body was compact with hard muscle, outplaying and overpowering almost every other contestant. His jousts almost always ended with him knocking his opponent off their horse and continuing the bout on foot, the size difference apparently meaningless. For the finals, he flew the flag of Dameria, causing a huge stir. The Duke frowned. he had planned to make this boy a knight of Wex, but this was near treason. As expected, the Blade won the finals easily. The Vernman who had made it to the other spot in the finals was made to look like a child with the way the Blade easily dispatched him from his horse, prompting several jokes from the royal stands about how well Vernman rode horses. The Blade helped his opponent to his feet with honor, then turned to address the Duke of Wex, to acknowledge his victory. The Blade removed the full helm, and long hair flowed out, blowing in the wind. Duchess Aucanna of Istralore stood upon the field; she threw a single wilted rose from her pocket into the stands. She only said one sentence before storming off, a powerful statement that all in the stands could clearly hear.
