No one ever wants to miss a party, to go uninvited even as their peers flock like peacocks to manor houses, palaces, or forest glades. But never has there been a party so desired by all as the Radiant Ball, the Herald's own, the crown jewel of the Rapture of Surael. From across Halann, like moths to a flame, like planets to a sun, they come. Invitations were delivered by the Legions' finest horsemen weeks prior. To the Gnomish Chief Engineer and Hierarch, who warranted two separate ones despite the fact they are currently both the same person. To the Winelords, each branch of Siloriel receiving its own. To the dwarven Holdlords, an invitation made by Verkal Gulan's finest goldsmiths, despite the somewhat awkward journey with both steed and rider crammed into the Dwarven Rail. To the leader of the Lake Federation, with a check in at the Assembly Hall to ensure the correct recipient. And more, the Radiant Ball ignorable by no one. The old Electors of Anbennar, mingling with one another and forced to put aside political difference, historical enmity, or choice of deity. Alenic lords, eyes tightening at the sight of every piece of elven finery, still conduct themselves with immaculate etiquette. Making them nervous, the Grey King of Grombar, having traded his furs for well-cut Esmari finery more befitting the realm's climate. Even emissaries from across the world in Aelantier; Marlliande's bestbred patricians discuss Malacnari weaponry with the Kylakas currently atop Kheionai's squabbling cities, while a priestambassador from the Eordan court at Pelomar pretends to look at roses as she eavesdrops. Each and every attendee has been summoned here by Surael's own voice, His Divine Herald. An Escanni WitchQueen, a pin of Corin's crest bright against her otherwise dark apparel, understands the rule of power even if she shrugs off other diplomatic norms. The Wang from Danggun, standing out amidst the mass with his faintly glowing blade at his side and exotic attire, could not ignore an invitation from Haless's newest conqueror. The Mengurkha speaks quietly to his Oni counterpart the Rashenbir in a corner as the latter jots down notes on the proceedings, their Ogrish bulk making them jut out like stones in a river of dignitaries. Even the Khetarch has sent an envoy, an ethereal emanation that speaks not but watches all with bright eyes. With a clap of the monarch's hands, the Divine Herald summons the attention of all. With a smile, and a nod, the monarch signals the start of the ball. And, looking down from the monarch's dais, the ruler cannot help but grin as the monarch watches all the powers of Halann dance below them. It must be how Surael himself feels, watching the planet dance beneath the sun.
