The gnoll, clad in the flowing and hooded robes of a desert wanderer, arrives just before sundown. Although many of his kind have seen the light over the past years, finding their place amidst the servants of Surael rather than the meaninglessness of chaos and bloodshed, gnollish pilgrims to the Mountain of Clear Sight are still far and few between. Still, he is given a spot among the many intoning the prayers of the day's end, thanking Surael for His light and His protection against the Malevolent Darkness; his rough bass voice is a counterpoint to the more musical lilt of the Desert Elves. At the prayers' end, as the light on the mountain begins to fade, he does not move, watching its slope slowly turn from yellow to orange to grey. And, for reasons known only to the Herald himself, Jaddar does not leave either. Though the warm embrace of the local people beckons, though there is always the next campaign to plan, the same patience that once led him to Surael's light now leads him to stay by the fire, sitting in silence. And after a span of minutes, or is it hours? the gnoll throws back his hood. Jaddar recognizes the face instantly; it was seared into his memory when it snapped at his throat, even as Surael's herald stabbed the Devourer of Suns through his blackened heart. And yet his only reaction is an exhalation of breath, at most a grunt. So the gnoll begins to speak. Of his father, how he knew his cruelty intimately, yet still felt crushed to see him fall. Of fleeing with the rest of the pack, seeking to melt into the local domain and escape the legions' thundering hooves. Of next encountering the Jaddari when a Lightbringer came to the oasis, bearing not sword or spear but books of the Herald's own teachings. Of seeing gnolls who had only known tooth and claw and blood and murder find a life in Surael's light, a purpose in His work. Of being one such gnoll. That was years ago, now, but he is called by Surael to do more than merely fight off raids from his still monstrous brethren and administer the local domain's harsh justice. And so he has come to the Mountain of Clear Sight, to offer his services to His Herald, and tell his story. What will Jaddar decide?
