For hundreds of years, we saw Kalyin as three separate beings – the mother Yukel with her children Kodave and Enuuk. It was only relatively recently that we realized we were merely worshipping three different faces of the same divine being. Their unity has become the symbol of our faith, but we know in our hearts Kalyin has many more reflections for Her children to learn from. The most recent reflection we found was wearing the face of a large catbeing. The kingdom of Kheterata has existed for thousands of years. Though it has been occupied and conquered many times, their gods and their creations, the Khet, have always remained a subject of worship. In the long history of the kingdom, three faces have become subjects of worship. Nirakhet, the weeping mother; Elikhet, the founder and architect; and Aakhet, the great conqueror. While all Khetists agree the Khet are of great importance due to their connection with the divine, there are major disagreements over theological particularities between the sects. Some consider Elikhet himself as primarily worthy of worship, while others prefer to direct their prayers to his mother Nirakhet, and only the Aakhetists consider Aakhet as something more than a heroking of times long past. Our theologians reached an epiphany while attempting to explain the One Truth to them. theirs is a mirror image of our history. They see three different aspects of the same truth and focus on one over the rest. Realizing this, the theologians went on to study the long history of Kheterata. The lessons of a kingdom four thousand years old. The wisdom of a people caught in a constant cycle of subjugation, occupation, and liberation. How they have kept their faith through the conquests of the first Great Xhaz, the Damerians, and the Crodamics. It was these lessons that gave us the key to touching the hearts and minds of its people. We likened their loving mother Nirakhet, their creator and architect Elikhet, and their warmaster Aakhet to our Yukel, our Enuuk, and our Kodave. We told the Khetists how each of them saved us from wouldbe conquerors just as their gods saved them. That all of them are mere facets of the same divinity, the same God. That each Khet was not just made by, but also is a part of Her. That as we learned of the true nature of our gods, so should they.
