The Purple Crescent Forum, where adventurers known across the realm gather to give constructive input on laws governing supernatural affairs and each other, was in full, chaotic swing. The newly appointed Minister, Avamaran of the Looming Claw—a famously composed warlock and allegedly good mediator—stood at the center of the open ring, once again wondering why he hadn’t just turned into a tree and vanished like his predecessor. The day’s topic was the Ethical Deployment of Summoned Entities in Densely Populated Urban Areas. Order, Avamaran roared, banging a rune-inscribed rod that had long since stopped glowing. He stated, “We are here to debate Motion Forty-Two. On the Regulation of Summoned Entities in Urban Districts. You will all behave like certified professionals.” Someone in the stands screamed, “Suck a mimic’s arse, Avamaran.” A cheer followed. First to speak was Gragrama the Red, a halfork beast wrangler with half a functioning eye. He said, “If your dainty wards can’t handle a fire lizard in the marketplace, maybe you should get a new godsdamned marketplace.” “I live in that marketplace,” screeched a robed enchanter, standing on a bench. “Your lizard pissed lava into my spice stand.” “Sounds like your problem,” Gragrama grinned. “Your summons wrecked a temple, you dulleyed mongrel.” More shouting erupted. Someone threw a boot. A spectral cat walked across the center and vanished. “Point of order,” yelled a cloaked figure who hadn’t spoken all session. “Can we please define what qualifies as a summoned being? My situation is legally complex.” The Minister raised both hands. “If you cannot undo it with a counterspell or kill it with a shovel, it’s summoned.” “Then so’s my exwife,” came another voice, followed by fullblown howling. By the time the rune bell exploded from sheer overuse, the Minister had stormed off muttering, “Let them all be eaten by their own bloody demons.” The Forum adjourned shortly after, with no resolution. Two new motions were proposed in the chaos. one to ban summoning in taverns, and another to require it for entertainment purposes. Both motions were approved.
