The art of Necromancy is, fundamentally, the manipulation of life energy. The most well-known example is draining a soul to animate a corpse, but it is also possible to manipulate life directly. A skilled necromancer can snuff out unprotected souls given a captive victim, though the mana required to do so could fuel several fireballs, while simply slitting a throat is faster and requires no mana at all. As such, direct killing using Necromancy is a rather underdeveloped field. However, a promising young necromancer, taught without having Magisterial propaganda shoved down his throat before he cast his first cantrip, proposed a novel idea. creating a ward calibrated to eventually kill rats, rather than trying to kill fully grown men instantaneously. Initial experiments indicate that the premise is sound, with rats thrown into the prototype wards perishing within a dozen seconds. Exposing living orks and goblins to the ward resulted in them suffering a moderate, but not incapacitating, pain, with actual death taking a while to occur. A starved goblin perished after an hour or two, while healthy orks lasted a day or two before succumbing. However, multiple issues lie between theory and actual implementation. The first issue is that grain is even more vulnerable to the death ward than vermin. In theory, this could be solved by only making small death wards covering the entrance to granaries, but doing so would mean that cracks or other small openings missed while setting up death wards would leave otherwise protected granaries vulnerable. The second issue is that the mana required for even a vermin-killing ward is relatively high, with souls used to power them being consumed within days, making widespread deployment impractical. Third, while vermin are indeed killed, the presence of their corpse might very well cause grain to rot, even if the grain itself was protected from the effects of the ward. Despite these issues, the leadership at the Black Sepulcher believe this line of inquiry promising. To investigate this, a series of granaries to perform field tests would be appreciated. See the appendix for further resource requests. Monthly report of the Black Sepulcher, this month of this year.
