The ritual begins at twilight. By now, Cheni is practiced in his own right at creating a lattice of twenty or thirty mages; the Vile One may attend to other business and join as her schedule allows. She and Komina enjoy a light supper, and it is only as they enter the ritual chamber that Komina gives a faint frown. “Your magic has changed,” she says, raising her eyebrows. “You’re willing to risk me tasting it? Knowing it?” “A necessary expression of my sincerity,” replies the Vile One, as they sit crosslegged on the ground. Komina somehow manages to make this look elegant. “So you understand how the lattice feels.” She and Cheni lead Komina in; it is not the full connection, not the persistent lattice which stretches between the Vile One and her closest companions. Today is merely practice, a demonstration; between them, the ritual mages map the lizard port of Teramzadai as it existed two hundred years previously. Once they are done, any single member of the ritual group will leave the room able to navigate the port like their hometown, reflexively and without conscious thought. Komina connects easily and eagerly; the Vile One’s Auntie has never had trouble adjusting to a new social set. Her presence in the lattice is vast and anarchic; it buffets at everyone else, like a brisk wind, like a long scream in the desert in the wake of disaster. But like a brisk wind, it is hale and restoring; Komina wakes everybody else up, demands their attention. When they are done, a few hours later, Komina cannot help but grin. It is as if she just ran a mile. “You liked it,” the Vile One says, perhaps a little triumphantly. “Of course I did. A lovely diversion.” “But…?” “Just that. A diversion.” Komina shrugs. “You have made something new here, an advance of a certain kind of magic; it is enjoyable and pleasurable to its practitioners. It builds your power and makes you great. Very well, I suppose.” Komina is standing; she is brushing herself down, preparing to leave. “I have never loved a weapon for the way it fires, as Hireet does, never caressed a cantrip in the manner of your Granny Ilfa. You have a lovely means, Niece; but to what end?” This is the Vile One’s chance to connect with her Auntie, to win her over. She senses her answer matters to Komina.
