The grand feast was planned perfectly; the party wouldn’t be in one place in the capital, but in its entirety, and everyone was automatically invited. Even more lavishly, even the slaves were taken into account for the preparations, from the richest to the poor; all would be at the party of their lives. The food, gifts, drugs, the attractions, and of course, the giant sacrifices all required an infrastructure the same size as the city and of the highest level of finesse. The occasion demanded that the Grand Republic of Mykx would be declared in Ilzin Mykx. Some surprises happened, like a group of drug dealers had made it to the city and had begun selling one of their new inventions, a new and upcoming drug, to the crowd, which they called 'Demon's Blood'. It makes one unable to feel pain, and it enhances emotions such as joy, anger, and lust. If enough is snorted, it can even bring one closer to the realm of the demons and allow one to communicate with them. Despite being in an experimental phase, some users died taking it; one combusted in Green Flames and died proclaiming the names of demons. Even the ruler seems to have tried it, and far from sparingly. The crowd watched the Kult throw hundreds upon hundreds of slaves onto the pyre. They were surprised by how well treated and well fed the sacrificed were. Of course, they were also taken into account for the party; they would die in agonizing pain, sure. Still, they would taste the highest delicacies of the planet before death. As the commemorations were happening, the crowd started to get increasingly agitated; it was as if the citywide party and the sacrificial pyre were bounding together, feeding each other. At this moment, a thought appeared on the ruler, probably coming from Demon Blood, maybe from the Pyre and the Party. why not expand? Why not bring Hellfire to the entire world? Why just be a pirate when one can be the Xhazobine? To cover the whole globe on an endless orgy of violence, drugs, demons, hellfire, and raiding? Till the laughter of the demons was heard on all realms, till all the blood was spilled, till nothing was left.
