Chemists have been trying to refine the production and the result of Demon's Blood for nearly a year now. The results are very promising. Not only have production costs been slashed, but the scientists have also been able to replace certain ingredients with more viable substitutes. No more crushed glass or goat blood; we are now using potato peels and chicken liver. What's more, they have developed several variants of the drug, with different purposes. A variant intended for the military induces rage but diminishes sensations such as pain. The problem is that in the long term, the individual loses all sensation of pain, but we have passed a veteran care for a reason, and the life expectancy of our soldiers is not that high anyway. A variant intended for the clergy does very little to enhance one's sense of pleasure; the dosage and ingredients instead aim to induce very heavy demonic hallucinations and open up one's body to demonic powers. This one should be used in a controlled space, as tests show that the user can randomly be possessed and go on a rampage. The Kult said they are used to this and see no problems with those side effects. This variant is intended for refined tastes and is milder than the usual recipe, but much safer. It allows for increased pleasure and can bring forth mild demonic hallucinations. It is costly to produce, so it should be treated as a premium product. Now comes the necessary innovation. the variant intended for external export is cheaper than all the other variations and more dangerous than the others; it makes one energetic. It stimulates feelings of joy and pleasure, and it also brings forth severe demonic hallucinations. It is highly addictive and is definitely going to be made illegal by foreign powers once they discover that using it can lead to demonic visions, hallucinations, possession, and even summonings, if the user is attuned to magic. We have one for internal use that is a bit safer and of higher quality; we do not want our citizens to use the bad stuff, right?
