Even with the powerful enchantments cast upon him by the necromancer, the mighty Sughra was no match against Rancor. In front of his own warriors, the once strong and powerful Sughra Bronzegut is broken and his heart is greedily devoured. As Rancor feasts upon the lifeless, shredded body of the chieftain of the Bronzeguts, Karigan Frosthide, with a maddening glint in his eyes, unleashes his magics upon the bloodsoaked ogre. The spell causes Rancor to howl in pain. Enraged, he turns his hungry attention to the ogre mage. The battle between the two rages for some time, with the ogre mage even raising the corpse of Sughra Bronzegut to fight for him, before exhaustion begins to set in and Rancor’s unnatural presence starts to affect the ogre mage’s mind. As the weary necromancer attempts to shake the ravenous influence creeping into his mind to cast another spell, the tireless Rancor is upon him. The massive ogre easily lifts the ogre mage into the air with one hand, and with his eyes glowing crimson, the skin on Rancor’s head cracks, splitting apart and exposing him for what he truly is. Karigan screams in horror as the gluttony demon before him opens its great maw wide and bites down, not into his flesh, but his very spirit. All the ogre mage can do is struggle in Rancor’s vice grip as his soul is pulled from his body and devoured. The ogres that have gathered watch in equal amounts terror and amazement, as the monstrous being from the Abyss in front of them feasts upon the essence of the last leader of Skurkokli. As Rancor greedily devours the soul of Karigan, the throng of ogres can feel the maddening hunger increase. A hunger that the presence in their minds, a voice within their heads, tells them only Rancor Bloodtooth can fill. Finishing his meal, Rancor lowers Karigan back to his feet and orders the necromancer to kneel. With a tortured look on his face, the soulenslaved ogre mage does as he is told, unable to resist the commands of ogreskin wearing demon before him. It is on this day that the Gorger Lord is born. Rancor Bloodtooth, He Who Hungers, now rules Skurkokli unopposed, and his oppressive presence drives the ravenous hordes to consume all before them.
