Silverspite stood, his face a mask, a stark contrast to his Velara, who trembled with a righteous fury as she beheld the charred remains before them. Ambhen Kheionai rebels and their families, butchered by Oren Nayiru troops. "Too far," Velara whispered, temper simmering. "We were supposed to be better than them. How could we have let this happen?" The Kamrayakval grimaced, "What would you have me do?" Velara turned quickly, fury blooming to flame. "What do you think?" "I know." "Hang the ones who did it, dismiss those that stood by. This is a murderer's work, not Dawn's. Teach them that." Silverspite stood, some days later, on a field, much of the army in the region arrayed before him. The troops that had committed the massacre stood to one side in ordered ranks, though unarmed and guarded. The Kamrayakval’s eyes flickered through the condemnation in his hands once again, then glanced at those it condemned. He saw their crime in their expression, the blood they had shed. But he saw the loyalty too, to Dawn, to him. They would lay down their lives willingly if he told them they had done something wrong. The armor on his shoulders grew heavier again, the iron grip tightening, the Dragon’s claws digging in. Could he see that same loyalty in those vipers in the Kavalakuttam? Would those guarding the condemned deny dreaming of doing the exact same thing? Would those who had been trodden under Ameion’s hobnailed boot call this killing a monstrous crime, or justice for a greater one? And yet, he looked back to Velara, saw her rage replaced with a pleading confusion as her elven instinct guessed at his intention, sensed his betrayal. "El?" she asked, with quiet worry. So long ago, Silverspite had watched a different pyre, seen a different body before it. He would be different; that was the vow he made. He turned to the soldiers again. There was more to that oath, of course. No matter what he felt, no matter the cost, he would not fail. And if the price was blood, and flame, and ruin, then he had no choice. Silverspite tossed aside Velara’s condemnation and spoke through his gauntlet instead.
