A reticent young Kavalal looked out from the Soruinic shore, at the peaceful waves of the Ruin Sea and the continent beyond. "There you are." Came a voice from behind, from a significantly more stalwart Kavalal, as Taychendi as he was. "You're currently missing a meeting, you know." The reticent Kavalal glanced behind him, smiled weakly, and turned back. "You know... there are some who say that the Oren Nayiru is... redemptionary," the reticent Kavalal said. "I think that's rubbish. I think that we Taychendi are simply proving a power we always possessed. There have always been slave revolts, a desire for freedom." A chuckle from behind, the stalwart Kavalal's friend always monologued like it was his calling. "Vehasha, Vherenar, yes yes I know. What's your point?" The reticent Kavalal shrugged. "My favourite story is that of the Battle of the Phenied Cloth. Kadradar BloodHand's forces were unstoppable, and with mists of magic plague he had laid waste to all Andeios. Everyone banded together to defeat him—the warlords and their retinues, of course... but also the commonfolk. The peasants, the bereaved, hundreds of thousands charging forth into certain death, to buy that elite fist enough time to slay the RelicLord. Most of them died, but they did enough. Their sacrifice meant something." "And you think," the stalwart Kavalal said, trying to guess his point, "that we will not find many of these sorts of battles in the north?" The reticent Kavalal nodded. "I want that lack of complication... an evil villain to be slain, an oath simply fulfilled. But there is no simplicity anymore. Perhaps there never was. And perhaps it is not just the Taychendi that cannot claim it, but all people. For those in the north, twilight approaches. But the light dims at dusk as well." The stalwart Kavalal understood perfectly, now. "Our cause is a just one. A righteous one. You must trust in that." The reticent Kavalal shook his head, turned back to his comrade with a somber tone. "How many others have asked the same?"
