Elrandar Kalinzuir winced as his mother pressed the cold cloth to the cut. “Easy, jaguar,” she said, smiling. “It won’t hurt less than the beating you got.” He just pouted, turned away, letting her tend his bruises. Earlier, he’d seen a boy from the village getting picked on for one of his toys, something expensive. He’d rushed in to save him, and then the bullies beat the light out of him, and the boy, and they took the toy anyway. All that pain, and for what? His mother sighed. “I know you’re kicking yourself over this.” Chuckled so sweet when El managed to pout even harder. “Why shouldn’t I?” he bit back. “Because I’m proud of you anyway.” That silenced him for good. “Even if you should learn how to punch better.” Another wince, as she tended to a big purple patch on his arm. “You can’t win all the time, you know. Sometimes things just don’t turn out your way. But you’ve got to pick yourself up and fight on. Never compromise your ideals. That’s what a hero does—that’s what your father is doing.” “I know,” but El still didn’t understand. “It’s just—what’s the point of fighting on if nothing’s changed?” His mother just shrugged. "I bet those two bullies feel great with their shiny new toy. They won't feel so great when I come round with my soldiers and make them give it back. Sometimes, your means prevent your ends. What are they left with now? A few beaten kids and no toy. You might think you got nothing by fighting, that nothing changed, but that's wrong. You got that boy's respect and mine, too. And the world will care. That’s the point." Elrandar Silverspite opened his eyes, basking in the glow of the sun rising over the shore. That memory pained him more than most. He’d seen those same bullies two months later, in the mob that had murdered his mother. He knew she would hate what he’d become. That everything he had done in the name of avenging her death would have shattered her respect. That he was no hero, just a dragon, burning the world for Dawn. But with all of South Aelantier secured, slavery annihilated across half the continent, and the Interlopers routed, how could you argue against that? How could you stand and deny Dawn’s awesome power? Elrandar was sure of it now. Orenvalyam would liberate the world. Dawn had triumphed. He had won.
