The ground shook as Silverspite struck the ground, a hard landing. He rose from the dust and debris, strode towards the centre of the camp. “Company,” he commanded. “Attend me.” His officers followed without complaint, as did thousands of soldiers watching from shattered buildings. Forget the Kavalakuttam, vipers and vermin; these were the warriors. The Kamrayakval stuck one blade in the dirt, stood over a makeshift map of the rebel city. “The enemy is broken,” one officer began. “Ready for execution.” “And there, in the breach,” another pointed, “is the place.” “To strike with our forces?” Another guessed. Silverspite cracked a smile. “Not quite.” A nod from the elf who suggested it. “Just our Kamrayakval. Then,” he pointed, “through the drainpipes there, we strike from the rear. Total surprise.” Silverspite finished. “and total annihilation.” A cry from the officers. “No mercy.” And from the soldiers. “NO WEAKNESS.” And from Dhivumanhu, a dead woman’s taunt. “I didn’t know this was strength, El.” Silverspite looked up from the map, searched the crowd. His soldiers thought he was regarding them, replying with beaming faces. Eventually, he found Velara’s spectre, a shifting void. A common hallucination these days. Shadowtears dripped down the phantom’s face. “You’ve fallen so far… how did it get to this? What have you become?” But he knew, now. So he turned away and told his warriors the truth. “I am among brothers.” It had been a long time coming. “I am among my faithful.” Through every rebellion and plot, every once-friend he slew. “The bearers of my divine mission.” Every glimpse at the shadow of his regret. “Those who view snivelling dissent for what it is.” And that dread realisation, that heavy burden? “Treachery. Cowardice.” That he alone could secure Dawn? That it would shatter like glass on his demise? “But you are the BRAVE.” He knew it was the Dragon’s gift. “AND THEY ARE THE DEAD.” And he didn’t care one bit anymore. “AND I KNOW NOW, BY WHAT RIGHT WE JUDGE THEM.” The Kamrayakval turned the world. “I AM THE LIGHT IN THE DARKNESS.” The soldiers watched enraptured as he rose. “I AM THE SCALEDSWORD OF DAWN.” His wrought-black form an eclipse against the sun. Voidclad. Raycrowned. “I AM NAYIRU REBORN.”
