The Kamrayakval trudged through the ashen ruins of his birthplace, wrought-armoured. The wind howled around him, a dry storm. The Armour didn’t recognise this place, and Silverspite knew it. El whispered, tongue metallic. “Do you see? This was home. You had one, didn’t you?” He passed the ruins of his old house – a flare of anger. “I know. They took mine from me too.” He found his hiding place nearby, some steel tomb of arcane purpose. Memories flashed. The metal walls closing around him, the heat nearly cooking him. The Armour didn’t like it. “It isn’t a good feeling, is it? Can you believe that I know?” Silverspite turned – noticed shifting shadows emerge from old houses, one by one. Phantoms, memories, hallucinations, fragments of the Dark… whatever they were, he cast them aside. “Tell me… do you hate me?” He asked, as he marched on, towards the hill that overlooked the village. “Or do you hate the world…?” The shadows followed him. He recognised the faces in the crowd. Ceboranbu stepped out from the Dead chorus. “You failed us all.” Elrandar ignored him. “Because I do…” His father next. “We aren’t so different.” “Full of slavery, suffering, violence and vengeance…” Dead Sadarzhil. “You were not worthy.” “And we’ve both made it worse, haven’t we…?” One of the Kheionai from that village, half-charred. “We died for nothing.” “And I bet you feel like that’s your right, with all you suffered.” His mother. “I was so proud of you.” “But that’s not enough… it’s never been enough.” And at last he came to where he’d buried her. The last time he’d been here, he’d brought a different companion with him – Velara’s spectre stood behind a grave not her own, despondent. She spoke with sorrow, with bitter disappointment. “You could have been so much more…” And the Kamrayakval replied, “I know.” He turned at last to the shadowed spectres that watched below. There were millions of them. The Armour fell silent at the sight. “But you know what…? We still can be more. Both of us… together…” They looked out over the Dead. “We can make all this mean something.” And the ironwrought wrath returned, cold, cautious. “So I’ll ask again. do you hate the world?” And then bold, ablaze.
