In Cannor, the Kamrayakvalists repay the ravages visited on Aelantier by the Cannorians tenfold. The great ports are shattered, stolen wealth and stolen relics sent back to whence they came. Anyone with a connection to the old colonies is considered a criminal, alongside the cities they made their homes, and are treated as such. But after the blood of the tyrants furrows the fields, the continent begins its long road to recovery – the peasantry and urban poor now on top. Some modicum of revolution, of justice, amongst the bitter retribution. And the Apocalypse advances. In Sarhal, it is grim, tough work. The Khet – decadent slavers, by shackle or doctrine – turn the river itself against the Oren Nayiru, and yet fire can boil water away, and nothing is truly invincible, and they are exterminated. The Shadow Swamp too is scoured, the Swamp Trolls destroyed, hags slaughtered, vast incursions led into the Shadow Plane. And the Naga are overthrown. And the Gnoll packs are taught their lessons. And the Mengi chastened for their warlordism and slavery, as the warlords of Taychend once had been. And the Apocalypse advances. From there, Elven armies retrace the steps of their ancestors. In the Dwarovar, Orenvalyam brings Light to Dark. In Bulwar, the faith settles their doctrinal differences and fulfills their vows once and for all. In Haless, Orenvalyam empowers the Praxis, shatters the caste system, destroys the Eunuchs, sunders the Command and any who dares laud it, slaughters any Oni who will not kneel before justice. And yet the legacy of the Precursors still shackled the land – so the Oren Nayiru breaks the chains. The Rending kills many, before all, dead or living, are freed. And the Apocalypse advances. The predictions are right. The Apocalypse is bloody. The Apocalypse is long. Arduous, torturous. Hundreds of years of death and loss and conquest and suppression. Hundreds of millions dead. Suffering unimaginable. And yet, it ends. Over the next thousand years and longer still, atop scorched plains and broken cities, atop the Dead, the forgotten, flowers bloom over the ashes of the old world. Remade, renewed. And the sun rises… and Dawn. Can you close your eyes and place yourself there, so far in the future? Can you look around? Ask the people there it was worth it?
