The Kamrayakval gestured to the empty chamber around them. Ceboranbu cried out, indignant, asking if they were truly strangers, as he barely recognized the other person. That voice sounded dark and metallic. Silverspite rattled a laugh with iron force, claiming it was the scream of wingwrought Dawn, and that their words held power. Ceboranbu countered, saying the fight was over, and that the other person was Taychendi, and the fight would end when they were dead. Shock and silence followed. El realized that Velara had told him the same thing. The Dragon recoiled at the memory, draining the rage and leaving only dread. Elrandar turned away, explaining that when he visited the Fateweaver, the Priestess gave him a prophecy that he couldn't understand and needed to see himself to clarify. The Dragon roared at the intrusion, but Fate told him plainly, though he disliked what she said. Ceboranbu asked gravely what he had done. With a dead rattle, Elrandar asked what he thought. The Kamrayakval stared off into the past, admitting he destroyed the Fateweaver and killed all who tried to stop him. But that was not what Ceboranbu was asking. Elrandar continued that Velara arrived afterward, saw everything, and had had enough. She said he was an eclipse against the sun, that he had damned them all, that his mother would be ashamed of him, and that he had failed her just as his father had. He couldn't take it, and he couldn't take it back. So, he killed her. Disbelief and dour silence followed. Elrandar said he covered his tracks well, obscuring the scene, and convinced himself that she had been tricked by traitors and that the Dragon had forced his hand. He admitted these were all lies, but that everything she said was true, save one thing. El finally turned to his once friend, stating that he was no longer Taychendi, but Nayiru reborn, and he must be something else. The metal cracked for a moment, and he wondered how else he could have done all this. Ceboranbu stared vacant, whispering that she was right and that he was weak. Silverspite smirked slightly, saying Velara had that look too—alone, hatred, and pity. But the High Kavalal just shook his head and drew his sword with a trembling hand, saying it was not pity. The Kamrayakval saw the shadows shift around him, the Oren Neraghul, come to slay a tyrant, and concluded that it was courage, and in that, she would never be alone.
