Silverspite knelt before the High Kavalali, as a crowd of one hundred thousand surrounded them. As foreseen, an eclipse set in, and the world darkened. After two years of political wrangling, the faith was finally united. A representative of each of the most powerful cells held a crown together above his head, and they spoke in turn. In the name of Nayiru, said Uesrennu’s High Kavalal. To lead our armies, said Katelperai’s. And guide our faith, said Clematar. From this day, said Nagar Vyechei. To your final day, said Gophira. A sword of dawn, said Sthanan. A voice of reason, said Rakkabuttai. Nakar Kilaeik, Kriadvai, and Mlerek then took one word each. As. Our. Kamrayakval. At total eclipse, the High Kavalali, as one, lowered the crown onto Silverspite’s head. The Kamrayakval rose, a dragon in armor form. The crowd was silent as half watched the blackened sun and the rest his blackened armor. The Kamrayakval searched the crowd for a moment, gave his mercenary company a nod, then began his speech. Five Cycles, we have lived in darkness, cast into it by the Kheionai, the warlords, the SlaverNobles, by the very dragons I’m wearing on my back. Silverspite unsheathed his sword. But that ends today. It ends here. It ends when we rise and conquer the world as sun conquers night. Anger crept into his voice; Silverspite caught it, then harnessed it. Everyone here, everyone who takes up the black banner of the Dawn, we are all born with purpose. to bring light to dark, to furrow the fields with the blood of the warlords and the tyrants, the slavers and the invaders. We bore that purpose, but for hundreds of thousands of years and more we have been weak. Weak. Well, no more. Because now, we are powerful. Because now I am here and I am power. So follow me, brothers and sisters. Give your lives and your blood for DAWN. And to any who oppose us, who stand in our way, to the darkness and its soldiers, I declare war. War for the death of darkness. War for Dawn. As Silverspite thrust his blade to the eclipse, the sun began to emerge from behind the moon’s shadow. The crowd was silent for a short moment, then an elf in the crowd called “War.” A second pause, then “WAR” came the cry of the crowd. “WAR.” The Oren Nayiru thrust fists and sabres and muskets and spears into the air, and “WAR” echoed the declaration, for the gods, for Nayiru himself to hear. “WAR.” “WAR.” “WAR.” “WAR.” “WAR.”
