Elrandar Silverspite let the sights and sounds of the village wash over him, as Ceboranbu the Warden waited patiently behind, ever dutiful, ever loyal. The birds singing alongside the children, the faint hum of prayer, the smell of Macriavolo spice and Kotakompu steaks roasting. “The Interlopers, the warlords… they all wanted this. Could have had it, maybe.” Elrandar turned to the High Kavalal behind him. “But keep it? Blinded by their hubris, selfrighteousness, hunger for glory… it would have slipped right through their fingers.” Ceboranbu smiled, warmly. “We will be different, my friend. You will be different.” But Silverspite could only feel the iron collar tighten, and the pit in his stomach grow. A momentary glance at the village – a crack in his voice. “What if I’m not?” He turned back – faced what he’d tried to put off. “Tell me… what happened to my father.” “He lives – and we found him.” And the pit opened to a maw. “A recluse, a drunk. Hiding in some forgotten hole on the Dry Coast.” Memories came rushing back – an elven battlemage, shimmering in pale gold, holding his mother’s hand, promising a return that would not come. Cloaked in false dawn. With each image Silverspite could feel the wrought fingers of anger and vengeance grasp at his neck, claw at it. “Elrandar?” Ceboranbu roused him from his rising anger. “Do you want to confront him?” Silverspite answered with an explosion of steam and smoke. He stood suddenly, turned away, now armoured hands held to his helm, claw taut but trembling. Confront him? He wanted to hold his father by the neck and slam his gauntlet into his face – beat him until he cried out that he was a fraud and a failure, just like his mother had screamed his name in terror as the mob tore her apart. Too miserable to even finish himself off. Well – he’d finish the job – he had to – he was the only one – and – and – Sunlight cleaved through the mist. Silverspite whipped his head around to see, gasped as the village emerged from the parted smoke. A whisper in awe in reply, inaudible. “Dawn…?” And Elrandar Silverspite understood. The weight of his armour eased. No… he would not be blinded by his hunger for vengeance – he couldn’t afford to be. And so, he lied.
