Elrandar Silverspite, dragonarmoured, found the elf in a sideroom of the Kavalakuttam, clad in gleaming palegold, engraved with arcane script. He had thought he would be preparing for his speech, before the vote on the future of the Jaherian Exemplars. Instead, Ecaris Ecarizuir, Herald of Example, companion of Corin, was meditating silently, his Wishblade Dazinkion laid across his lap. Silverspite called, curtly, "Interloper." Ecaris opened his eyes and chuckled softly. "I did not expect to see you, Kalinzuir." Silverspite’s fists clenched, knuckles white. "That is not my name," he snarled. "Then what should I call you? You deny the Exemplars’ influence everywhere you see it. In your faith, in your history, in your name. But it is there. I will not let you forget it." The Kamrayakval found himself trembling, not from nerves, but from a rising rage. He fought it. "Right. Because that would be so easy..." And failed. "You think I would forget the sound of my mother’s screams? The walls of my hiding place crowding in... the heat through the iron, the jeers of that mob shaking the steel—you think I would forget how I prayed for you? How the Exemplars did not answer? How your false dawn turned to ash, and I had to sift through it to find her corpse?" The Herald grimaced, but his eyes still burned with that selfrighteous fire. "And how many have you forced to do the same? How many will you fail? I can see it through that visor, Kalinzuir. The Dark’s ironclaw tightens its grip around your heart—and one day, it will pull you into the abyss. I cannot let that happen." A pause, as the two squared off, then realization, and the Kamrayakval cut through it. "But it is not up to you, is it? That sword could not save Taychend, or Bulwar, or Corin, or Rezankand, and it cannot save you. The Exemplars are irrelevant, doomed, useless... a whisper on the wind, ready to blow away. Whether that vote goes your way or does not, the Oren Nayiru are all that matter now." The Kamrayakval turned, stepped towards the door, and glanced back. "I believe in the Kavalakuttam—I will not influence its decision. It is up to you to save your people. Try not to fail at that too."
