Elrandar Silverspite watched as the sun set over the Kalavend. His mercenary company pitched camp behind him. They came from every corner of Taychend, some even further beyond, fought for glory or fortune or adventure, or because it was simply all they knew. The captain turned his gaze to the blackiron collar in his hand once again – why did he fight? Why did he command, lead? An elven woman spoke from behind him. Silverspite turned to see his second in command, his Velara. "You won’t know until you use it," she said, a grave look on her face that matched Silverspite’s own. The steel mask he usually wore was wracked with doubt, worry, desperate hope. He turned back to the sun, wished that it would give its light just a little longer. Silverspite had found the collar when he went to fetch water, on a skeleton in a stream – the simple ring of iron had radiated a power so awesome the mercenary could feel it in his heart. Purpose, he knew, was nothing without power. His father was a Sun Elven Exemplar, as was Velara before she turned her cloak. They espoused a glorious purpose, to vanquish the dark – but they were powerless against it. Darkness – weakness – infected their hearts, blinded them. It had led his father to abandon his Taychendi mother, left her stranded in the shadow of their great crusades. Eventually, the darkness had consumed her too. The mercenary would not let it do the same to him. He would not let his own purpose, his own destiny, whatever it was, wither in the dark. He unclasped the back of the collar, snapped it around his neck. A moment of nothing, then radiant, brilliant light, then an explosion of roiling steam and smoke. It consumed the mercenary, raising an alarm through Velara and any others nearby – but soon enough a figure emerged, clad in a suit of hulking, jagged armour, of blackiron scales interwoven with steellike plate, a dragon in armour form. Before them, Elrandar Silverspite stood, clad in the Armour of Yodhan. In Sedamurax, the Iron Maw. Beneath the visor, the mercenary smiled.
