Do not hold back. Do not think about her. Do what you have to do and do not look back. They took her from you. They all deserve what you are going to give them and more. They murdered her. Do not think about her. They have only got themselves to blame. They murdered her. Do not think. The warrior burst into the chamber. Gasps, from the people. Some rose, probably to offer meaningless condolences. Thinking on their feet, of course, nobody thought he would be here, now, so soon, with the wrought iron stomp of his crushing boot. Even so, they probably thought he would stop at the center, talk talk talk. But Silverspite was done talking. The warrior marched to the front row of benches, to a high priest with a braided beard. The people gasped again when Silverspite grabbed the high priest by the forehead and slammed his head into the marble chamber floor, shrunk back at the metallic, primordial growl that emanated from his armor as he did it. Today, the Dragon shared his pain. Silverspite hoisted the priest up. Okay. Time to talk. The visor snapped around. "WHO ELSE?" The voice from beneath seemed clad in iron, inhuman. The attendees were stunned silent. Not good enough. Silverspite twisted his body and slammed the priest’s head against the ground again. Another draconian snarl as he dragged the priest up. The near corpse issued a pitiful half conscious whimper. "WHO ELSE BETRAYED ME?" No answer. The rumbling laugh surprised even Silverspite. "So that is how it is...?" He searched the rows of warlord priests. "Every day I come in here... schemes and plots, dissent and discontent... and for what? Who do you think you serve...?" Another laugh, dry, grim. Obliterated by sudden rage. "MY WILL IS NAYIRU'S. MY MISSION DIVINE. AND WHAT," he looked to the priest, "IS THE PUNISHMENT FOR BLASPHEMY?" And then he thought about her. Velara’s voice cut through the Dragon’s vicegrip, a phantom pain. For an instant, the abyss opened up beneath him once more. Then "Elrandar" came a cry from the crowd. Silverspite turned, smiled weakly as he saw Ceboranbu looking down, horrified. Saw the innocent loyalty. The foolish concern. He did not want to hear the latter. He turned back to the traitor. She was loyal, too.
