The arguing continued for three hours, before the leader found something that might break it. A promising high official, stalwart in his beliefs, stood calmly, waiting to speak. The leader hushed the chamber so that he may. “My brethren… my siblings,” the official began. “I’ve thought about this for a long time… we all have, haven’t we? We’ve been confronted by the limits of our understanding—we’ve felt as interlopers. Been forced to open ourselves to new ideas, uncomfortable possibilities.” He gestured to his reticent friend, sitting across the chamber. “If what my colleague says is true—if our future is to campaign for centuries overseas, to bring dawn to even more people who don’t understand what it means… how long we believe we can go, before we do not only feel like interlopers but become interlopers?” A glance at the religious figures. “There are those who say we already have…” A supporter of the leader stood up, now, outraged. “So you say we shy away from our duty? That we leave the slavers and tyrants overseas alone—let hundreds of millions toil in darkness forevermore? ABANDON DAWN?” The official just shook his head. “Dawn is not conquest…” He looked to the religious figures. “Dawn is prosperity, and autonomy.” To the supporters of the official. “Dawn is judiciousness, and reflection.” To the supporters of the leader. “Dawn is justice, and liberation.” And to the invasion plans in his hands. “What must we do, to achieve this goal? Stand above a broken, battered world, enforce a stringent doctrine on others by the sword, in the name of security refuse those we conquer freedom? That is not prosperity, or reflection, or liberation.” He looked around the chamber. “That is not Dawn.” “We could recover.” The supporter of the leader argued, defiant as the mood turned at last. “Mend our frayed ideals.” Desperate, disbelieving. “Rebuild dawn anew, after we burn the world down.” But the leader just sighed, stood, and spoke at last. “And why must we burn the world, when we can change it on our terms? Why must we rebuild dawn, when we never took the time to build it in the first place?”
