Silverspite stared blankly ahead as he slumped back in his shattered throne. The throne room was cannonscarred and crumbling. They would be in here soon, the full force of his enemies. So be it. This would be his grave, but he would not go without a fight. The Kamrayakval stood, grabbed the twin blades by his side. He felt the dragon lash out within him, the anger, spite, wrath, rage, and ruin threatening to burst and consume everything around him, but he pushed it back down, for now. For now. They surged through every entrance they could find or make. Some even dropped down through the ceiling. Storms of soldiers, each clutching muskets, sabres, or spears, some mages, some heavily armoured, most conscripts. It mattered little what they were, of course, when Silverspite lunged forwards with the force of gravity behind him; elven bodies turned to mutilated gore all the same. The Kamrayakval cut and slashed and charged and rent flesh and steel and bone. Waves of men fell at his swords; when one snapped, he picked up another from the dead and kept fighting, kept moving forwards, kept up the relentless flashing whirlwind of death, the slaughter and the ruin. He felt magefire, musketballs, arrows, and quarrels pelt him; some made it through, tearing through his body. Still, he kept fighting. The rage boiled over now; he could feel himself slipping, losing himself to the dragon, to bloodlust, to spite. He was only half aware of how he roared, how he raged. He had to cut himself free multiple times when his limbs snared themselves in gore and guts. The blood blinded him. The fire burned him. Still he fought on. Still, he killed. Still, Silverspite stood, in spite of those who doubted him, in spite of those who had betrayed him, in spite of those who had destroyed him. By the time the dragon took over, Silverspite was already a dead elf walking. He bled from a dozen wounds, bones broken and scarred by fire. He was barely conscious when he found himself bursting through the roof of the throne room, into the sky above, falling upwards, then into an uncontrolled spin, away, away, then crashing into a nearby river, bathed in orange by the setting sun. He felt the water rushing into his armour, felt it burn his lungs. Then dusk, and everything went dark.
