An armored Silverspite stood straight as the High Kavalali of Uesrennu circled him. The leaders of the Oren Nayiru, the failure of the Calsithara Revolt had hardened them. While many in the faith cried out for revolution, the High Kavalali urged moderation. The Uesrennu High Kavalali were the last refuge of a more bellicose position, but even they had their doubts. And so, for the last week, they had been testing Silverspite. First, his capabilities. He had the strength of fifty men, durability beyond precursor steel, and above all, control over gravity itself. In emulation of dragonflight, he could soar through the air at terminal velocity, a single spinning charge with his twin blades devastating an entire battleline. He had power; he could destroy armies single-handedly. So they tested his purpose. “And you know of the tenets, of the proclamations of the Kavalali?” asked one. “You admit to the principle of deliberation, of decision by many, not one?” asked another. “You decry the tyrant kings of ages past; you would not rule as Yodhan did, would you?” “Have you decried the Kheionai too?” “You must.” Silverspite batted their accusations away. “I know the tenets,” he replied. His voice was clear, ever serious, nearly emotionless. “I would act as the leader of the faith, not as a tyrant.” “Not as Yodhan, but as Kamrayakval.” “The Kheionai are as tyrannical as the rest. They need to be taught the truth of Nayiru.” The questions ceased as the Kavalali regarded Silverspite. They were still hesitant. “Disunity is what caused Calsithara’s efforts to fail,” Silverspite said, breaking the silence. “If the most important cells named me Kamrayakval, the entire faith will support me. I know it.” Finally, one among them, the most senior, spoke. “The entire faith, yes. But before you found that armor, you were a mere mercenary,” the High Kavalali said, a cold expression on his face. “So I must ask, are you a member of the faith, Elrandar Kalinzuir?” Silverspite’s eyes narrowed beneath his helmet as the mention of his father’s name made him grimace. A note of inexplicable fear struck those in the room; the guards drew their sabers. “I believe,” Silverspite said, every word considered, “in the will of Nayiru. My father called him Surael. It is said, across the sea, Nayiru sent another warrior to liberate the land from darkness. You may doubt me now, but when I rise, High Kavalal, and Dawn furrows Taychend’s fields with the blood of its enemies, you will see what Surael’s Champion truly looks like. Here I stand. Will you rise with me, or remain in the dark?”
