The Rakulacan marched into the Vanetavanem, the heavenpiercing tower at the heart of Nanru Nakar. All resistance crushed, shattered under the weight of their crushing maul. The monarch stood at the head of the force, the young Evindash, still shaken by battle, to the monarch's left, and Thanand, still disbelieving their success, to the monarch's right. When they approached the throne room, the three Mudaliar brothers stood before the throne, guarded by Rakulacan soldiers. "MUDALIARS." The monarch boomed, as the monarch held their hammer bold. "So good to see you. I had thought you perished in the battle, but you ran, like the cowards you are." "Hhah," Evindash echoed, weakly. "Cowards." "Ran? You captured us, you buffoonish oaf—." Darandar doubled over as his guard kicked him in the stomach. Erannan scoffed. "What a sick joke..." "A JOKE?" The monarch gave a hearty laugh, as the monarch at last stood before the trio. "I think not. This is serious business, Mudaliar. Remember Varelrudu saving your empire, Kulacamothi saving your hides from the Larankarha, and us, of course, fighting against Erankar? Remember all we've done for you? We're just getting our due recompense." Elatam looked up at his captor, indignant. "Do you really believe that? Varelrudu's son destroyed the empire you say he saved. Murdered my ancestor. We gave you Parahechend, and you betray us—spit every chance we give you right back in our faces... and you say we are in debt to you?" "Well," Thanand added, as he smiled softly, "you're still here, aren't you? All that murdering and empire destroying couldn't have been so awful, could it?" "Yeah." Evindash cut in, more enthusiastic. "And when we see an opportunity, we seize it. So—so take that." The monarch thundered a laugh once more, thumped their nephew on the arm, grinning. "And how right you are, my little King. And you know what?" The Rakulacan Patriarch looked around him—at the splendor of the Mudaliars. "You can keep your city... or what's left of it. Because I think I see a perfect opportunity to do to Nanru Nakar what you once did to Piristel."
