Looking up at the statue, the monarch could almost see the man himself. Even in stone, he had the recognisable Sangamar look – the tan skin, commanding blue eyes, hair like obsidian. This Sangamar in particular, though, was even more special. A sabre in one hand and a pair of dice in another, a cat’s head adorning each pauldron. Olhokar the Fortuitous. The original vanquisher of the Chendhyans and saviour of Taychend. Carried by fate to both the heights of success and the terrible depths of despair. The title of Rakkabuttai wondered when Olhokar knew he would conquer all of Taychend. Indeed he wondered when his own people had known they would do the same. When revenge against the western menace had turned to simple glorious conquest. Did he know, too, that Taychend could only withstand a second Saerraeg if it was united? The monarch supposed it mattered not. Such a thing had been proven true regardless. The monarch spun on their heel and strode away, through the winding streets of Anakalnakori, until they reached another statue, more recently built, of a cleanshaven elf wearing foreign armour. An angry rabble had gathered around it to tear the elf down, stopped only by a line of Bloodcloak soldiers. “Laskaris the Conqueror”. He had also presumed to conquer Taychend – and to change it. Mould it into the Kheionai image. Here, in Anakalnakori, he had started that mission – a sacred mission of his own, the monarch supposed – and now in Anakalnakori it ended. The monarch wondered, as they made their way through both the rabble and the Bloodcloaks, of the merits of Laskaris’ mission. A Taychend at peace, without internal conflict, division. The Ambhen did not want to raze and raid like the Chendhyans, did they? Indeed, perhaps working under their wing, the Brotherhood could have continued to protect Taychend. But a different Taychend. A Taychend that no longer was… well, Taychendi. The monarch laughed – that inquiry they knew for sure no longer mattered. The crowd grew silent as the monarch drew their greatsabre, and, with a single swing, cut the statute down, steel cutting stone. The crowd cheered. If Laskaris believed the Taychendi incapable of defending themselves, he was wrong. For now, finally, the Brotherhood of the Bloody Cloak had come home.
