The Church has always held the belief that magic is divine. It is at the very foundation of Original Sin for the faith, as the precursor elves had been impatient and stole magic from God, instead of waiting for God to bestow magic upon them when the time was right, as they did with dragons. For a very long time, most scholars have disagreed with this idea that all magic is divine, but with recent advancements in researching the nature of magic and the God Fragment, the church has put forward a True Source of Magic Hypothesis. The hypothesis is based upon the popular secular theory of Universal Magic, which claims that the old categorization of magic into areas like divine, arcane, bardic, and runic is arbitrary, and was simply a way to explain how magic was manipulated, rather than its true nature. The Ravelian hypothesis builds on this and combines it with existing scripture to provide enough evidence to make even the most hardcore secularist consider their beliefs. there is only one type of magic, but that type is divine, and that God is the true source of magic. With these revelations, the church's attention has turned to the usage of artificery. For a long time, the church has believed that artificery was the great equalizer in righting the wrongs of the precursor elves, and allowed all, not just the few, to reap the benefits of magic. The two major factions of the church have proposed conflicting stances on the future of artificery in the Ravelian faith. The Zealot Doctrine states that the great advancements in artificery are not only a vessel to right the precursor elves' sins, but are in fact God's Decree that now is the time to spread their divinity to all their creations. While not all can harness or be gifted with magic, through artificery we could allow the divine gift of magic to be accessible to everyone and anyone, regardless of if they currently follow our beliefs. This should be done no matter the cost, and as soon as possible, to right the wrongs of the past. The Erudite Doctrine states that magic should be shared, yes, but it is because of magic's divine yet mysterious nature that it should be shared with care and vigilance. Artificery itself is not only holy work but work that requires great time, patience, and deliberation. The good works artificery can give to the world must be balanced with heavily scrutinized and sanctified methodology, and if that means withholding great advancements from everyday life to ensure it is done correctly, keeping God's gifts to the faithful only, or even withholding darker and forbidden methods and inventions from the masses for their own safety, then so be it.
