The idea that there is only One God is a strange one. Seldom do the faiths of the world deny the existence of all other gods, and even the Bulwari say that all gods are dead except ours, not that all gods do not exist except ours. Indeed, the all-encompassing and all-powerful nature of God has meant that we have found many commonalities in other gods to fold them into our idea of worshipping the One God. By looking at deity figures across Halann in a holistic way, the scholars of the church have determined that lesser gods, like Surael, are in fact but facets, or aspects, of the One God. For God is Everything, and as such can wear many faces. Additionally, research into the inner workings of divine figures throughout history, like the avatar Corin, has revealed that she, along with other prominent avatars, was imbued with otherworldly powers, and that if magic is indeed divine in origin, then she is but a powerful mage gifted with the ability to naturally wield magic, rather than control and tame it as wizards do. We have declared her and other extraordinary individuals that have no doubt been gifted divine providence, like Aldresia in her stopping of the White Pestilence, as the first Saints of the Ravelian Church. With these revelations, the question has fallen on how to approach this topic in terms of converting the rest of the world. The Zealot Doctrine suggests that many cultures have heroic figures and scores of deities. We must use Sainthood as an open palm to welcome them to the fold with ease, even if that means relaxing our restrictions on canonizing new saints. Their heroes are our saints, for God truly works in mysterious ways, and if God did not give these figures of legend divine providence, then surely they would not be granted success. The Erudite Doctrine argues that opening our faith to accept anyone and everyone as saints, and god forbid, aspects, is a mockery of the Ravelian Society's original ambitions to unravel the truth of this world. We must scrutinize every saint, every aspect, every religion, and every culture with a rational eye. We must not fear upsetting and destroying chances of converting the people if it means eroding the very core of what we believe.
