My Liege, you have been selected as a member of the judges for one of the Grand Hall’s largest debates. Today, the topic is the discussion of constructing one of the largest scholarly institutions in the capital city, alongside every other capital city of the Baashidi. The proposal stems from scholars and mages alike hoping to have a space to congregate to further the advancement of knowledge. Most of the funding is said to be going to the main project in Abeesooyinka, but there seems to be enough funds to build smaller versions in the other realms. Despite the conflicts, most people agree that the ornate designs made by the finest architects and artists available will make the building a centerpiece for the city. Both the Mwalim and Darwiiz have launched their own unique proposals as to what the facility should contain. The Darwiiz first proposed the idea as a grandiose temple for worship and based on tradition, including carpets for dance, open spaces for dance, and materials for alchemy and magic. I, personally, was very impressed with the detailed engravings on the wall depicting the mighty scholar Damal The Scribe and his full writings on the studies of human nature and emotions. That is but one of the many wonders included in the proposal depicting the true extent of our culture and pride in knowledge. Even better, the price was fairly cheap for how extensive it will be. Apparently, the day afterwards, the Mwalim attempted to one up the Darwiiz through an even larger proposal for a modernistic version of the Darwiiz proposal. Much of the traditional wears such as the arts or space for shamanic dance were scrapped for more enclosed spaces and rooms dedicated towards research. In fact, most of the area functioned similarly to a university, with classes being offered for free to all who wished to attend. While the Darwiiz weren’t exactly shoved aside in this effort, the new proposal clearly tried to separate tradition from the pursuit of knowledge. Now, the court seems to be coming to a close. A lot of the stammering and arguments are beginning to quiet down. The Hall’s echoes have gone away. I think it’s about time that you made your vote. Tell me, what do you think you’ll write?
