Arichanna Vustarin smiled as she took in the air of her new office. It was much more spacious than the old stuffy rooms of her family’s underground laboratories. You could never get any peace and quiet there either; the sounds of the excavation of the ruins in the background were everpresent. It was certainly wondrous that after hundreds of years they still hadn’t gotten to the bottom of the old citadel, but it was small consolation. No, the old royal palace was a fine choice for the new headquarters of her family – especially when they finally cleaned the blood from the floors. She looked back to the text she was reading, a “History of the Empire of the Mudaliars”, a dusty old tome by Threzarathi Darijita, a historian of the twelfth century. She couldn’t help but spot a parallel here to her own actions, as at the end of empire, Geledish Rakulacan slew his teenage puppet and seized the remains of Nakari Empire for himself. There were differences, of course – Geledish had seized the scraps of an empire already facing irreversible decline, while she had seized an empire at its height. Arichanna wondered what she could do to prevent the downfall of her empire. “Look to the past.” was the answer that immediately sprung to her mind. It was why she was reading this book, why she had already begun to order sweeping surveys of precursor sites and potential relic hoards. But did she not also need to look to the present? Yesterday, she had sundered the other families – wiped out the Nymkorai, shattered and absorbed the Kattyva, taken the Ursibadur under her wing, now decidedly junior partners to her rule. But other groups in Taychend remained – the Mudaliars of Nanru Nakar, the Sarihaddhi tribes, the Bloodcloak Brotherhood and the Cennayakuta of Imarchend. Those would have to be considered too. The past, the present – but Arichanna knew she was forgetting something. The Vustarin matriarch closed her book with a sigh, as she sat back in her chair. The future… she was missing the future. A new day was dawning over Taychend, one where her family reigned supreme – and no matter what, they must look to the future, or else risk the fate of all the others who had come before them – the old ruler of Royakottar included.
