Uratand Kattyva sighed, shaking his head. This was supposed to be a simple acquisition, and now the warlord and the patriarch met between their two armies with their soldiers lining up behind them. “I know,” Uratand began, crossing his arms, “that you are very possessive of your territory. But the ruler has given me the rights to this land. You wouldn’t be rebelling against them, would you?” The petty warlord grinned. “If whatever is under my city is valuable enough to attract the attention of the Kattyva, maybe I am.” The Kattyva head had half a mind to tell him that he was rather sure it was only a halfcollapsed slave warren, but he decided against it. In his heart, he wanted a battle – the Kattyva were founded in emulation of their godhero, Kadradar the Stormbringer. They scoured Taychend in the hopes that one day, they too would uncover a relic as powerful as his, using it to embark on a glorious conquest. But with Royakottar’s borders advancing further by the day, that conquest increasingly looked more like a palace coup. Uratand sighed, placing a hand on his sword and readying the other to pull his shield out. “Your mother wishes you dead,” he said, deadpan and unprompted, as the warlord’s face twisted with anger, “your troops are illdisciplined, your loins are barren, and your “city” is little more than a–” Finally, the warlord snapped – though to Uratand’s surprise, he didn’t reach for the sabre on his back, but instead raised his hands to cast a spell – ready to incinerate his enemy with a fireball at pointblank range. Luckily, the Kattyva patriarch was prepared. Instead of turning him to ash, the firebolt slammed into his RuinShield. The patriarch didn’t even feel the heat as the Precursor steel dispersed the magic entirely. Uratand smiled, as he charged forward, knocking the petty warlord off with the full force of the hunk of metal, before finishing him off with a slash. Uratand assumed a defensive posture in the noman'sland, as the enemy army charged towards him. His own army – his Vanguard Infantry – reached their leader just before the enemy did. Their line held firm as the late warlord’s levies crashed against their shields. Shields of the past, conquering the present.
