Arichanna Vustarin shook her head as she signed her name at the bottom of the parchment. “Exile to Katelperai, protection from further harm… access to the Violet Library and archives of the Mudaliars…” she read out the terms of the agreement as she looked over it one more time, before handing it to the person who had forced her to sign it. “Have your damn paper, Triander. I hope I never see you again.” The Vustarin matriarch left, flanked by Nymkorai guards. Triander couldn’t help but feel a little hurt – of all the various treaties and contracts he’d been making over the past few days, the Vustarin deal was by far one of the more lenient. The Kattyva had been broken apart, the remnant families subsumed into more loyal Nakari and Uesrenni scavenger guilds. The Ursibadur’s property had been acquired entirely, with jollyold Jalinpan confined to his chambers in the House of Vice and his children taken as hostages. And, of course, there came the ruler. Triander looked at the broken elf tied to a chair in the centre of the dimly lit room – the deposed ruler of Royakottar, and old ruler of all Taychend. He had brought Arichanna here so that she could see the alternative. The Nymkorai patriarch walked over to the elf, kneeling in front of the deposed ruler and raising the bloody and bruised face with a finger. The ruler was barely conscious. “Did you see this coming, my old friend? I wonder…” No matter now, he supposed, as the patriarch rose and made for the door. There was no need to kill the deposed ruler personally – they’d waste away here on their own. As he wandered through the city, Triander wondered what was next for him, for his family. They controlled all of Taychend, the next great unifiers of the region, like Ebenanth or Yodhan or Olhokar before them. What was left? Get rich? Maintain power? Try and avoid collapse like all the empires of the past? He had to admit – that last one appealed to him quite a lot. Digging Nymkorai tendrils into the very earth itself, rooting his family into the structure of the earth. Ruling through fear and intimidation and diplomacy and military might all at once… but that was a question for tomorrow. Today, of all days, the Nymkorai could rest, and think with a clear mind. They didn’t often get the opportunity.
