Royakottar burned. The Kattyva family originally had a much more sophisticated plan, which involved enough moving parts it made Elrandar Kattyva’s head spin when his subordinates tried to explain it to him. So when their best laid plan immediately went awry, Elrandar’s disappointment was minimal. This was far more glorious anyway. He called out again, and the mages at his side launched another fireball volley against the royal palace. Stone and brick broke and gave way, as his men surged towards the gaps in the palace walls. The ruler’s men sallied out to meet them – but they were no match for his Vanguard. Sabres met RuinShields, and shattered under their power. Just as Kadradar intended. Well, not entirely as he intended – he had embarked on a conquest fuelled by the unparalleled power of his relic, not a palace coup like this. Though, considering their success, the Kattyva patriarch wondered if it really mattered. The Vustarin didn’t give much of a fight after their laboratories were smashed and attendants killed. The Ursibadur had given a good go at it, honourably surrendering and accepting exile back to their old home in Marhed Rayodana. The Nymkorai had been slaughtered to the last man. Now all that was left was the monarch – and Elrandar could not help but smile as they was brought alive out of the burning remains of their palace. The Kattyva’s men dropped the monarch in front of the patriarch – the deposed warlord glared at the patriarch with pure rage. “You conniving, treacherous– fool.” They spat through bloodied lips. “After all we’ve done–. And you think you can just take it all at the end?.” Elrandar Kattyva laughed. “Have I not already?” He said, as he drew his sabre and gestured to the burning palace that bathed them in an orange glow. “The way I see it, the dynasty, this was always going to happen. We were always the masters of this city. The metal scrap that adorns the walls, your palace, our shields? Our hands dragged it up from the ground, monarch… we made you, raised you from nothing… and now…” the patriarch smiled wide, as he aimed his sabre tip at the ruler’s head, the satisfaction of victory washing over him. “I think we’ve earned the right to put you back in the dirt.”
