Peace and tranquility, one that shall last for ages and ages to come. The leaders of the revolution, Vaceran and Varamael, were found dead in their camps after the long battle. They and a group of elitist, rather than being tried for their crimes against all races, had committed suicide in a last act of defiance. While it wasn’t the most pristine way the conflict could have ended, it marks a big turn in the history of Bulwar, one that we have worked so hard for. The last attempt at preserving the oppressive ways that have chained Bulwar for thousands of years has finally been broken. No Human, Elf, or Harpy need worry about their lives being taken to racist ideology and extremist conflict. No longer will any humane race stand to be oppressed. Coexistence is a guaranteed right for everyone in Shazstundihr. Everyone will be free to practice their culture and religion free of the oppressive eyes of the imposed monoculture of old. As the cities of Bulwar and the Serpentreach come to develop and expand, from the mines of Orlghelovar, and the mountains of Gelkalis, to the plains of Kumarkand, and the hills of Birsartansbar, and even further south to the loneliest towns in the deserts, all races can prosper together in the fight for unity and equality. After what feels like a thousand years of constant fighting for a goal that seemed ever out of reach, we have grasped it, even if just for a moment, and it felt good. What our many kings have fought for since we have stepped out of our lonely caves and out of our white hold of marble, fighting and removing the monstrous goblin clans, has now been accomplished. What general Simbur, who now rests peacefully in heaven, originally envisioned when he brought his plan to the White Stone Council has been fulfilled and surpassed. As the sun sets across the mark of decades of progress, and as everyone looks upon the moon, white as the marble that many now stand on, they can be reminded now that everyone is freed, freed from all injustices. May the heavens bless all of Shazstundihr, till the day that the Bulwari sun of Surael sets for the final time, and the steps of marble that they stand upon have already withered away.
