After all of our hard work put in to develop change in a continent riddled with problems, some people are still left thinking that we are the scourge that has burned the lands and wasted the lives of many. They think, even though our motto is to stand for liberty and equality for all, that we have torn down the old identity and have replaced it with tyranny. One part of that remains true, that we have put in the work to destroy the oppressive identity and to fix it with care, culture, expression, and justice. There isn’t a need for people to fight anymore, lest they bark and shout like dogs over the insignificance of who is superior and who is not. Unfortunately, dogs are restless. If you take the bone away, surely you will be bitten. That is what two brothers have done in the recently conquered domain. Letters have flooded the court, telling us of a massive army led by the brothers Vaceran and Varamael, the Highlord and the Lowlord. Aristocratic kingpins who have provided cash to the local kings at the cost of oppressive acts of cruelty to their human labor force. It is said that they may have even kept humans as slaves. Needless to say, they stand for everything we do not. What is worse is that the army has taken up base in the domain, and recruits more men by the day, most likely veterans from the recent revolt, and other powerful aristocrats from the south. This is the largest rebellion we have faced up to now. Are we up to the task? Have we taught our men well enough? That they must stand and fight for the principles? We are not sure of that either. Our top generals even worry of a mass desertion from the less principled in our ranks. There still remains hope though. We are strong. They are divided. If we are to prove that what we have done is right, and that these aristocrats were merely living a lie of unneeded violence and oppression, we must win. It was Simbur who began the plan of a new identity, one with promises of safety and a great future. To carry out his greatest glory, and his final wish, it is to be seen to that we make our stand against the unruly oligarchs and to raise the banner, not of the old realm, but of peace across the land.
