The ruler does not mean to eavesdrop. The voices of the servants carry from the courtyard, echoing over the steep roofs of the Winter Lodge and reaching the upper walkways. To call it a lodge is an understatement, of course, since it spreads over a huge area and can house almost the entire imperial court, but nevertheless it is a place which invites relaxation, a fabulous base for hunting and fowling with a commanding view over a pristine lake. Even now, as winter approaches, there are brilliantly clear days to be had, brisk but gorgeous. The servants and porters are more at ease here. The courtesies do not disappear, but everyone exhales a little. Despite himself, the monarch listens. "It's Leiv," says Arne, a diminutive manservant. "A trickster, a clever man. As we have outwitted enemies who thought nothing of us, so did Leiv." There is a light in his eyes, the promise that the seemingly meek will prove otherwise. "Ridiculous," replies Yoeren, puffing on his pipe. "Skalds don't exist to conjure a boot for you to lick. The tales are our guides, our warnings. Treasure of the Golden Forest." A big lad from the kitchens rolls his eyes; the monarch doesn't recall his name, only the pity of the acne scars across his forehead. "Gjalund rocks up and beheads a bunch of bloody giants, that's good enough for me. I get enough moral consequence from you lot when I forget to lock the larder, I'll take a slaying or two, thanks." The monarch cannot help but smile. The cobbles of the courtyard are clean and in good repair, the armory wellstocked. Beyond the walls of the Lodge lie sprawling territories, prosperous towns, safe roads, tamed seas, and great pride. These servants are better fed and more idle than any in the country's history, even in the residence of a ruler. Millennia of Skaldhyrric history stretch behind them, to be plucked from the branch as a spring plum. The monarch's grin lasts all the way to the falconer's, and in the end he thinks the greatest tale is absolutely clear, and in fact could well do with another edition, a commemoration of the reign.
