Sailors and mages prepared and boarded a fleet of ships, stocked with perhaps the most valuable cargo of all. black Dames tear. Along all vessels heading out, one was filled with civilians—a transport ship scheduled to travel and bring people from one Ringlet Island to another. Vessels such as these are usually shielded by mages against poor weather and opportunistic pirates. With a strong abjuration in place, the ship sailed out through the stormy sea, bouncing and crashing straight through the waves, each one bigger than the previous. The vessel continued bravely, but sooner or later, the waves were too big, too strong for it to continue, and it simply was pushed aside. The ship was now helpless; the faint flickers of its magical ward disappearing as thunder strikes once more. The vessel floated with no direction across the sea, panic spreading like wildfire, screams drowned in the storm with no hope in sight. That was when all sound was swallowed as the darkened form of Cinulau leapt from the sea before its colossal body splashed, a massive wave erupting from the Great Spirit's position as it swallowed all others. The civilian ship came unscathed, guided by the massive wave towards Cinulau, letting the Great Spirit get a better look at the vessel and the people on it, like a silent guardian, simply observing in the silent moment, before a crack of thunder interrupted the silence. A single small galley was spotted on the edge; on the bow of the little ship was the mage supposed to protect the civilian ship, commanding the small vessels to attack the Great Spirit with its cannons and, of course, arcane magic. The spirit whale simply submerged and leapt once more out of the sea, causing a second massive wave to push both ships, the civilians away from the battles before Cinulau falls upon the warships and swallows them whole. The civilians looked nervously back, then erupted in a cheer, but even that quickly drowned as a painful bellowing erupts from the Great Spirit. It had swallowed the bait. A few people were a small sacrifice for the power that such a Great Spirit would offer, and with another horrible echo, the remainder of the fleet emerges from the horizon. The poor spirit tries to resist, shakes and wiggles its massive body, like a small island hovering above the sea, causing waves to erupt underneath it, pushing and even turning a few boats upside down, but there were simply too many people, too many harpoons. By dawn, the beast finally gives up, spending a whole day and night fighting off before it's turned into a pincushion. Turning the sea blood red like the dawn that is rising on the east. A triumphant new age rising with the sun, an age led by mortals, an age led by the ruler.
