The court of the monarch was in a tense mood ever since the Rending began. Messengers constantly coming and going, listening to the reports from generals and scouts about the status of the Four Lords, pretenders to the mantle of Huszien. Months and years passed by, carefully preparing and appeasing the Four Great Spirits while they were distracted with each other, while the rest of the state was spending countless resources and manpower to rebuild the High Temples that were sprinkled around the region. Carefully leading the reconstruction efforts, using the spirits to distract or blame each other so the efforts progress with no issues or attract unwanted attention. Once the restorations are finally done, each one of the Four Lords will be hosting a festival in one of the High Temples. Each is decorated in a specific way since each Great Spirit has a different form. A fiery shrine made to the Azure Dragon, elevating him to the same level as Yanhe with art and tributes that show power and authority. The Vermillion Bird, a shrine to elevate its grace and ambitions the same as Phokhao, precious gems and riches paint their shrine. The White tiger shall be elevated on the same level like Marutha with tributes of Might and wisdom inside his shrine. And the Black Tortoise shall mirror Telebei, filled with masterful art and craftsmanship. Artists, priests, and craftsmen from across the region called to ensure the proper dedication towards the spirits. A nationwise celebration is called once all temples are prepared. All Great Spirits are called upon. Court mages and priests all do their respective rituals to summon each Great Spirit towards their respective temple, fireworks and illusion magic covering the sky. From that point on the monarch could only lean onto their seat as they waited from their balcony the progress. Carefully watching the sky, waiting for a specific signal to light up the sky for a second once the respective Great Spirit arrives. Hours pass by as one after another the signals light up the sky. With the third one spotted, the monarch orders some wine as a number of court mages surround the ruler. Once the last signal fires, the monarch raises their hand as all Great Spirits are finally summoned, each gorge upon their tributes. The court mages act swiftly, casting an arcane missile into the air while the monarch watches as the High Temples start to wake up from their ancient slumber once more, causing the earth to shake. Even the sky is shaking, the spiritual energies are cracking before the horizon flashes in blue hue, followed by a pillar of blue and yellow energies emitted from the temples. One by one the sky turns bright by the evening hour, but only after a few more moments the arcane pillars start to change hue, the same colors as the wine that the ruler is tasting. The sky soon follows as it turns a crimson hue as clouds gather towards the palace.
