The sun rose over the realm like it had every day before. Something in the air was different, though. The fishermen could tell by the way the wind now blew, and word traveled fast between the sailors of the Jellyfish Coast. A whaling expedition from another domain had returned the morning prior, its crew speaking frantically about the Stormwall. A force of nature known to sailors of Haless since time immemorial, the barrier, once surely impassable, had weakened. Without warning or explanation, the ferocious gale winds suddenly weakened, making the passage through appear viable. From the realm the news spread like wildfire. Overland to Rahen and to another domain with the Treasure Fleet, then to the great ports of Sarhal and through the Salahad to Bulwar. At the same time, ships from Cannor carried the news with great urgency to ports both at home and in Aelantier. Soon the news rang out in courts across the Divenhal and ports as far as the Sarmadfar and Alecand. All were made aware of the seemingly permanent tempest faltering, but also of what lay within. not only men, but monsters. Towering beasts the size of ships were reported to have been sighted along the coastline of the land previously hidden by the Stormwall, with colossal flora to match their surroundings. These leviathans seemed not only aggressive, but capable of extreme destruction when angered. According to accounts from explorers, they tended to leave trails of ruin in their wake, forcing the locals to give them considerable space lest they incur their violent rage. The people, too, were unlike anything Halann had known. Societies of humans and ogres inhabiting great island chains that worship great Dragon Turtles and rumbling volcanoes. A distant inland plateau rumoured to believe in one god permeating all existence. Some adventurers even reported seeing kobolds unlike any other atop the highest peaks of distant inland ranges. Most curious, though, were the constructs. Not many had been observed, but from what explorers had been able to glean, they most certainly did not resemble anything the world had seen before. Called by many names, these mechanical marvels may hold the keys to uncovering the truth about this once obscured continent. As Halann's finest navies outfit expeditions to cross the weakened Stormwall, all wait with bated breath for what marvels might yet be found within.
