Marutha wasn't just a ruler; he was also a formidable fighter and a Great Spirit determined to fight for his freedom. Rebuilding the High Temples drained the country's resources and people's efforts significantly. As Marutha asserted his dominance as the true Raja and battled other spirits, we diligently worked on restoring the artifacts and reigniting the magic within The High Temples. While he rested peacefully, we plotted and schemed. Soon, Marutha sensed something amiss and knew whom to approach. Within the hour, the ruler received reports of an approaching sandstorm at the palace. All according to plan. Moments later, two rulers stood facing each other. one on a balcony of the palace, the other atop a wall of sand charging toward the palace. Marutha roared, while the ruler watched in silence, offering no reaction. Marutha charged forward, leaving a trail of destruction, while the ruler leaned on the balcony's railings. The court and guards nervously stood nearby, sweating as the Great Spirit charged onward, shaking the earth with his sheer might. Just before Marutha reached the palace, the ruler raised the hand, making a gesture—a signal for the court wizards and a command for the Lion of the Sands to kneel before the ruler. Marutha roared once more, the sandstorm covering the entire horizon. Just inches away from the balcony, a sudden yellow and blue magical wall slammed against the Great Spirit. Marutha grunted and growled, pushing against the magical barrier cast from the High Temples. The sky flickered as ancient magic clashed with the spirit realm. Marutha fought fiercely but began losing ground, slowly sliding away from the palace. He continued to claw at the magic barrier, only for the ruler to gesture once again for him to kneel. Marutha's eyes widened in rage before a magical signal was cast into the sky from the palace. The wall of energy intensified, and the Spirit was propelled into the sandstorm behind him. Dust filled the air, stunning the few brave onlookers, leaving the ruler to see a pair of enraged yet saddened yellow eyes atop a bowing feline, before they vanished into the annals of history.
