The monarch looks over the balcony toward the rising sun in the east, casting its golden rays upon the rich lands. But that lasts only for a few moments before Yanhe shows itself across the lands, casting a shadow of might as the ruler patrols the river and lands like a King of Kings. But it won't last much longer. While the ruler basks in the glory of the sun, replacing its spot for the people of the lands, the ruler and their people work in Yanhe's shadows. While Yanhe indulges itself in the offerings of people and spirits, the ruler and their people work in the High Temples. While Yanhe rests, the monarch and the court spend the nights and countless lives restoring the arcane magic in the Temples. After years, the ruler can finally walk through the halls and chambers of Tianlou and its High Temple. Well, for a few more moments before Yanhe would approach the monarch and the High Temple. Like a monolith towering over the monarch's tiny silhouette, gesturing for the ruler to kneel before the ruler of the lands. Alas, the ruler could only smile, if not laugh, as the ruler casually stretches out their right hand. Yanhe roars in annoyance that the ruler defies its orders. And right before Yanhe could retaliate against the monarch, the Temple Complex lights up with gorgeous golden hues before it bursts with arcane magic, pushing the Great Spirit off the Temple Complex. Yanhe takes a moment to process what happens before leaning back, looking toward the ruler and the Temple Complex, pouring out a roar and divinelooking flames only to be blocked off by the Temples' arcane energies, which are soon followed by several pillars in the distance as other High Temples activate on the horizon. Only causing further confusion to the Great Spirit before several yellow and blue tendrils thrust out from the very river named after the Draconic spirit. Trying to wrap and entangle it. A spectacle to hold as the arcane tendrils and Yanhe wrestle, entangling the spirit more and more with each passing moment till it could not hold itself above the ground, causing the ruler to crash onto the ground with a huge earthquake before the tendrils drag the ruler's body into the River, only for the river to gradually be dyed red. The once yellow and blue tendrils, now bursting out of the river, stream right onto the Temple. The monarch makes themselves known to the people, addressing them from the top of the High Temple as the glorious golden rays of the sunshine turn red by the Temples. Basked in the bloodred light was the ruler, causing the birds to take flight. "The disaster has finally finished. I swear that I'm gonna turn our land into paradise, day by day. Undoing the damage that the spirits left behind and lead us into a brighter future," as now with the powers of Yanhe, the ruler can change fate as the ruler desires.
