For millennia, the High Temples stood as enigmas, constructed in a bygone era by a realm long faded from memory, their true purpose shrouded in mystery. Over the ages, philosophers wrestled with the meanings behind the intricate inscriptions, sages sought to untangle the prophecies they held, and the cursed dared to harness their power for their own ends. And, with every endeavor, they cast yet another pebble onto the Temples, each one adding to the countless others, slowly cracking its shell, for a single pebble accomplishes nothing, two achieve little, but thousands of pebbles make a difference. A scratch evolved into a crack, and a crack into a wound. While a lone wound may evoke little concern, enduring thousands of wounds is insurmountable, much like the fate of the High Temples. Already weakened, these Temples crumbled swiftly, eroded by time's inexorable passage, both in a tangible and abstract sense. Even the most robust walls of the pristine temples succumbed to the torrent of thousands of spirits, suddenly reinvigorated after eons of imprisonment. The High Temples shattered. A deluge of spirits, countless in number, flooded streets as if a supernatural tide, rending lands and engulfing nations. From towering peaks to shadowed valleys, the landscape teems with spectral entities. A veritable invasion, as spirits both minute and great converged, driven by a singular purpose. evading the confines of the High Temples and being free once more. And so Haless descends into chaos and fear. Spirits inhabit every nook and cranny, some benign, though most seem to hold an inexorable aggression towards those that dared to suppress them for so many eons. While the spirits reap what they seem to have sowed, the people react in a multitude of ways; spawning doomsday cults prophesying the end, or rallying against the state's paralysis due to the Rending and demanding action. Yet, the majority quiver within their homes, a deceptive sanctuary, as the Rending affects everyone and reaches everywhere.
