Marutha, a great and fearsome spirit once imprisoned by the High Temples, is now ravaging the lands and claiming rule upon the great desert and northern Raj, but the monarch would not allow that Great Spirit to do as it pleases any longer. The monarch is but a single soul but the ruler of the mortal realm, and they shall show their people that they are greater than Marutha. And so their spirit went on to repair the High Temples, sacrificing countless days and souls to achieve that. No price too high compared to the reward they are going to get by defeating Marutha. Once the preparations are done, the monarch chooses the next morning to finally end Marutha's reign of terror. With a loud explosion upon the Palace sky, the monarch challenges the Desert Raja, which Marutha with all the freedom they has now eagerly accepts. Like a tiger on a hunt, he rushes forth, leaving behind a storm and trail of destruction. The monarch orders their court mages to prepare one more blast upon the sky, a blast full of vivid colors to signal the High Temples in the horizons to activate, and so they do with an earthshaking activation as pillars of blue and yellow pierce the sky. But that did not intimidate Marutha; it enraged him only further as he spirits as fast as possible towards the palace, followed by tendrils of arcane magic coming from the High Temples. Marutha dodges and dances past the tendrils while the monarch watches on top of their balcony, covering their face with their wrist as sand is blowing from all sides from the massive amounts of magic clashing just in front of the palace. "This is it," the monarch mumbles as they bet all upon this, all the power and might and riches that the arcane magic of the temples going to take down the Great Spirit. Even the loyal guards are trembling as Marutha comes closer and closer; the guards by the end flee the balcony. The monarch watches as Marutha lunges towards the monarch, their eyes not fazing as a spectral claw was a mere few inches away from their face before the claw and Marutha are sent flying to the side; one tendril of blue and yellow magic pierces the Great Spirit's body. Marutha does not give up as with ferocious eyes locks on the monarch, who yet again does not acknowledge or budge to the Spirit's intimidating glare. Despite it being impaled, it uses the rest of its energy to lunge once more, but this time a salvo of arcane tendrils erupt from behind the monarch before all thrust into the body of the Great Spirit. Causing it to finally slump down, the arcane magic now tainted and soaked with a crimson hue before they gently turn and sip into the monarch, who with their now crimson glowing eyes, stares down upon the defeated Great Spirit, which only shivers in pain as its energies are being drained. "I am now the true Raja of the desert." And with a victorious smile, the monarch looks to the future of their lands.
