A grand festival was arranged at the highest peak of the Phokhao Range, bringing mages from across the continent for a sacrament in honor of the glorious peahen. Locals were also invited to join the festivities. The festival would commence with a spectacular firework show, primarily to capture Phokhao's attention. A vast courtlike area was constructed with a podium as tall as three people at its center where the ruler would stand. Countless mages were stationed along the walls, chanting and channeling their magic. Once everything was set, another firework blast ignited alongside a massive illusion of the ruler in the sky—tall enough to attract the attention of the Great Spirit. On the ground, a royal speaker addressed the festivalgoers, emphasizing the glory and prestige of the ruler of Haless and Phokhao. The speaker declared that the being crowned that day would rule all of Haless, as mandated by the heavens. With the speaker finished, the ruler knelt behind them, and the display continued with the massive illusion. Phokhao, tempted into action by the blatant disrespect, leaped from the mountain towards the festival. The spectral peahen’s arrival was a majestic calamity, shaking the earth with each delicate step. The mages were pressed against the walls by the sheer pressure of her wings. The ruler, despite it all, remained kneeling, while the speaker held the crown towards Phokhao. The speaker declared, "Now I shall crown the righteous ruler of Haless and Phokhao," as he presented the crown to the Great Spirit. Phokhao, the most majestic being in Haless, accepted the crown, even if it was tiny compared to her size. She lowered her head to allow the speaker to bestow upon her this treasure, her beak nearly touching the ground. However, at the last moment, she sensed the true purpose of the mages—the ritual was more than a simple illusion. There was no time for the Great Spirit to react. A sudden splash of scarlet covered the court as two yellow and blue spikes of arcane magic pierced Phokhao's head and torso, splitting into tendrils that enveloped the Great Spirit. The speaker turned around, with shaking hands, placed the crown on the ruler's head, who finally rose to the speaker's feet. From the podium, the ruler looked down upon the grievously wounded peahen while the mages continued chanting. A red mist started to flow towards her as the High Temples of Haless emitted pillars of ancient magic into the sky and ground, fueling the mages in the court. The ruler spread their arms in a gesture, showcasing to all of Haless that they was the rightful ruler, with the massive illusion above the city now turned into a red image instead of the colorful robes.
