Valawathi, Threadbearer for the Cult of the Fateweaver, walked slowly and solemnly between the assembled priests, as the Apaxagaeda cub in her hands cried out in distress. In any other circumstance, the bright blue eyes of the spotted cub would stand out amidst the darkness; in this chamber, however, the bright light of magic overpowered all else. The skeletal body of its builder, the Fateweaver of Korrimutren, sat atop a pyramid of smooth stone steps, while truesilver cords, connected to rings of greyed copper and a crown of precursor steel, held her aloft, rising to the immense Dames tearcored device above. The priests were chanting a refrain, gently waving incense-burning censers as the Threadbearer made her way to the altar set out at the base of the pyramid. “Fateweaver, Fateweaver,” they called, “accept this gift. Grant us the surety of your sight.” When the High Priestess reached the stone table, she set out the cub atop it. Two attendants held it down, as the young Apaxagaeda struggled at their touch. Then the Threadbearer’s blade came down, and the cub struggled no longer. Ultawathan, High Priest of the Violet Brotherhood, watched from the sidelines as the Cult of the Fateweaver’s own priests left postsacrifice, and their attendants began to disassemble the pomp and circumstance of the ritual. Soon it was just him and the Threadbearer. “So, you wish to reorganize them,” Valawathi said, surmising his intentions, “take the petty cults of Thektoram, those that do not enjoy the patronage of warriors, and take them under your wing?” The Violet Priest nodded. “And those concerning the diviners, the augurs, the haruspices, the farseers – they shall be placed under you. This is not a mere power grab, Threadbearer. For too long, glory has been clad in steel and bronze – but the halls of Dhivumanhu are open to all. We must teach the people so, and offer the proper veneration due the gods we forget.” The Threadbearer shrugged. “A fine enough ideal, I suppose. I accept, though I don’t believe I have much choice.” Ultawathan was about to make a noise of complaint, but the other priest cut him off. “You would do well to remember that the Cult of the Fortuitous is greater than those of the diviners who told him he was so.” She turned to the skeletal corpse at the top of the Pyramid. “I’ll relay a message from my patron. Chains of gold are stronger than rope of violetsilk… and chains of iron and steel are stronger than both. There is a reason the Gophirans succeeded where the Dumrusvarn failed. Stay true… or that iron might prove to master you.”
