The monarch grinned as they progressed through the city’s central square, approaching the steps that led to the Dumran Vustarvach. Their people surrounded them at ground level, kept at bay by the newly redeemed elves of Volisi Vara. Their Goldswords, bonded by love to each other and duty to the monarch, lined the Library’s steps – between each pair, a member of the Violet Brotherhood stood, each holding a tome or scroll detailing the deeds of one of the rulers of the Dumrusvarn of old. That was why they were here, of course. With the Kheionai invaders rebuffed, the bandits of Sibisimra vanquished, those of Volisi Vara redeemed, and the birthplace of Eletam reclaimed, there was only one thing left to do. The monarch of the dynasty ascended the steps of the library, clad in the violet of their blood, and at their pinnacle two lovers stood, armoured in plate and mail of brilliant gold. They held a crown in their hands. The last time this had happened, the roles had been reversed. An elf in a violet robe stopped at the library’s gates, while the city’s liberator – and their lover – ascended, a traitor to their old home of Vuls Tenvach, and the freshly crowned King of their new one. Though Tenvachi armies marched to reclaim their lost territory, and the bandit armies of Sibisimra watched vulturelike in anticipation, Eletam and Elajith together, the sword and the scholar, cast their enemies aside. For two centuries, the Dannuka Dumrusvarn brought stability, if not peace, to southern Yodhanchend and northern Thektoram. With new ideas and goods trickling into Taychend from the west the arts flourished, Sthanan ith Vussam the cradle of a second Taychendi renaissance. But that empire fell, weakened by the destructive ambition of the Great RelicLord Kadradar, the Bloodscourge, and finished off by the Chendhyans. For half a millennium, the region had been cast into the dark – but the monarch had brought it back into the light. As they climbed the steps at last, the city fell silent, the crowd waiting with bated breaths. The title of Sthanan ith Vussam knelt before the commanders of the Goldswords – and rose crowned, the title of the Second Dannuka Dumrusvarn.
