Caoban Dinh, rightful heir to the great empire of Baihon Xinh, glances out the window at the pristine High Temples of Xan Vaung. Loud chatter fills the room while he recalls the past months. His father had called him and his two older brothers to a grand banquet, something seen as the last chance they would have to be merry as family before his father passed and the brothers were forced to become enemies. In truth, however, the Emperor had other motives, as demonstrated when armed men filtered into the room and arrested the three brothers. The Emperor’s spies had found out about the brothers’ plans to split his lands after his death, and the Emperor was enraged. So consumed by rage was the Emperor, that he ordered the execution of his sons without a thought to the consequences. Still, it seems the Emperor could not bear to watch over his children’s deaths, and the Emperor left their execution to one of his subordinates. As the heads left the bodies of his brothers, Dinh talked quickly, pleading for the executioner to spare his life and making promises of rewards. His silver tongue seemed to convince the man, as he released Dinh and promised to tell the Emperor that he was dead. He set out northward alone on horseback where the Phonan people hid him from the eyes of the Emperor and promised him support when they heard his story. Weeks passed with silence on the part of the Emperor, an opportunity Dinh did not let slip. The many connections he had made in preparation for the succession struggle paid dividends and already a great army was gathering in Mo Hoang to depose the mad emperor. However, before they could march south, terrible news arrived; the Emperor now sits upon his throne neither alive nor dead, and rumors abound that the glorious capital of Tuan Caoban is beset by foul spirits born of the Emperor’s madness. Caoban Dinh focuses back on the room. Around a large table, men sit discussing the last preparations made for war. He looks around, seeing the ambassador of the Kudet Kai, amongst the plethora of others who have tied their fate to his and contributed their wealth to his cause. The time for talking is over; now is the time for war.
