During the life of Caoban Sang, Emperor of the Baihon Xinh, the palace had been full of supplicant foreign emissaries, loyal nobles, and most dear of all, his three lively sons. Now the halls are empty but for the specter atop the throne. In the months prior, his spies had uncovered a plot between his sons to split the empire in three upon his death. Sang was a learned man, and knew that this would plunge Baihon Xinh, already weakened from the loss of its economic center to a pirate incursion, into yet another period of warlords. One from which it may never escape. Seeing no other option, Sang made a very hard choice. The lives of his sons were a heavy price, but a worthy sacrifice to preserve unity. Summons were sent out to his sons for a grand banquet in Tuan Caoban, a final farewell from father to sons; just not the way they would expect. When the feast was wrapping up, Sang excused himself, for he could not bear to witness the deed being done. Although this deed would avert a future of strife, it was also true that it left Sang heirless. Even if he did manage to sire one in what little time he had left, there was no chance he could give them a proper upbringing. He needed more time. Calling his most loyal mystics to a meeting in secret, they arrived at a solution to this problem, an ancient ritual brought from Bomdan long ago. A thorough cleansing of the body, the lighting of a special incense, a ritual knife infused with magical energies, and an unshakable will to live on. A month passed before Sang awoke again, now an ephemeral being of righteous fury. No longer shackled by the limits of a mortal body, he could bring about an empire to last another thousand years. Unfortunately, fate saw to it that he was enlightened with the fact that great things never happen so easily. During his absence it was uncovered that the executioners had let his youngest son, Dinh, escape his fate. Dinh had fled to the northern city of Mo Hoang and was already rallying an army to take Tuan Caoban. Apparently Dinh had made extensive connections within the administration of the empire and many nobles were flocking to his cause. In the frenzy that followed this revelation, another blow had arrived. The puppet king of Nagon to the west had raised his own army and declared independence, knowing that they could not afford to contest his insubordination. No matter; Caoban Sang had not conquered death to give up now. Now is the time to call upon our remaining ally, the warrior women of Chien Binhrung, for war against the last of his flesh.
