Almost five decades ago, a young man with a dream set out to change the world. A nearly unknown advisor to a ruler of a realm, he was determined to run for the Lordship of the poor and underdeveloped domain. He wasn’t known amongst the people of the area, and at first his candidacy was ignored by most. But he was a man who knew how to communicate his vision. A one man campaign, he travelled from town to town, securing patrons and following with his oratory skills. To the surprise of everyone, he managed to win. Still consolidating his political standing, the new lord hit the ground running by dismantling the corrupt cliques that partitioned the state. With the support of his many patrons, he removed the decadent generals and reformed the structures of the army, putting the security of the borders back in place and repelling raids. With the state secured and none to oppose him internally, the man set out to make reforms. The previously poor communities of a desert, the most remote area of the country, received the monopoly on the salt trade, allowing them to profit off their own land and earning a fair living. The profits of the trade attracted many merchants to a famed City of Adventurers, and sparked a new golden age for a city that was losing value against the much larger metropolis of another realm. Amicable relations were established with the resurgent Baihon Xinh and the Nephrite Dwarves, guaranteeing peace on every border until a war. These changes, the hard work of one man and many, blurred by over the course of a lifetime. So much changed so fast that it all seemed a dream. And now it was time to wake up. Today, thousands flock in silence to a cemetery, as they follow a sarcophagus. It is towering over the crowd, covered by a baldachim, its wooden coffin ornamented with pure silver and carried by the most beautiful steeds. The atmosphere around it is hollow, as a queue stretching beyond the horizon followed the body on its journey. Peasants and nobles clothed in simple robes, marching in a simple drumled rhythm, accompanied by silent sobbing, came with their beloved lord on his last march. As they reached their destination, each visitor allowed a five minute conversation. They burn the spirit paper to protect his soul and after making their parting words, they leave, having finished their last audience with their beloved lord. This went on for seven days and seven nights. This was how all mourned the death of the great lord of the domain, before he was laid down into his final resting place.
