For the first time in years the central plaza is full, like back in the days, when even the weekly market was enough to make everybody congregate and enjoy themselves. There hasn't been much joy around the city since the Uesrennu conquest. What compelled today's change isn't a big fair or a great hero; the one speaking is a rather unassuming man. But the fire in his eyes and the conviction in his voice has everybody's attention. "Good people. Thank you for coming here in such numbers. You're a multitude. Whether you're long time members of the Vherenar Cult, new Oren Nayiru faithfuls, or just people, sick and tired of the Rat King's tyranny, who heard whispers of the coming Day of the Dawn, welcome. Everybody's accepted here, because everyone's equal under the light of the One Sun. And all of you are here with the same goal. to bring down the hammer of justice upon the Aryakompu, the ruler. For decades the Cult of Vherenar has worked in the darkness against the Uesrennu's government. in the depths of the mines, saving as many slaves as possible; in the devastated fields devoured by the swarm, bringing the little food we had, to help the common people survive the season; in every province of the nation, hiding anybody that attempted even the smallest of resistances. And the powers that be have resented us for that, persecuting us with everything they have. Too many of our companions have died; but for each sacrifice, we learned, improved our tactics, and found new ways to hit the Kompu kings where it hurt them the most. Now we're ready, our ranks filled to the brim with new courageous fighters, and our hearts united by the fire of a single purpose. extirpate the weed that is the ruler. Everywhere in the nation, from the great city of Nanru Nakar to the humblest of hamlets, plazas like this are full of people like you, ready for the fight to come. People that lost parents to the mine, children to the hunger, friends to the rats. People. The Day of the Dawn is near, for WE will make it come. By the strength of our arms, the fierceness of our faith and the fury of our anger, the One Sun will rise."
