The slaves heave, the picks strike, the stones crack. "Work for your lives." The heat burns, the slaves heave, the sweat beads, the picks strike, the dust sticks, the stones crack. "Slack and taste the bite." The whip comes down, lash and heave and strike and cry and crack. The mines of Uesrennu, spurred, drive on. But it isn’t just the shackled and the slavers who fuel Uesrennu; they fuel the minecities of the Katalmarai. For the slaves heave, the drivers cry, and the Kotakompu chatter and bite and dig and devour. Halfhaired ratbeasts. The frame of a capybara, the fecundity of a molerat, the size and strength of a warhound. Make a deal with a queen, offer meat, warmth, room to grow? You can take her spawn as your own. A trainer does just that in a queenchamber in Uesrennu now, giving tribute, taking tax. Handlers, in Entislula and Caiyamkq and the offtunnels of the capital mine, spur their rats further into the rock, to search for metal and mineral both. And, of course, the slavedriver holds both whip and leash, to lash elves to their work and beasts to his side, and let them loose when terror calls. The last point is new in Taychend. For a hundred years, the Gophiran Empire sent millions of slaves to claw into the Katalmarai, used sabre and steel alone to keep them there. They gave the Kotakompu trainers benefits, but not freedom. A mistake. Amidst the Death Throes of Gophira, the greatest rattrainer of them all rose up as Varamzhil the Liberator. He tasted freedom's light, but was thrust back into the dark. When he rose once more, he rose not as trainer nor liberator, but King of the Kompu. Dreadslaver, deaddevourer. The CopperBornBiter. A rodent horde at his back, the Kalavend at his mercy. A century, and now the Seventh Varamzhil, wearing the skins of his sickletoothed brethren and the bones of his enemies, overlooks his underground domain; watches the countless slaves toiling away in his underground cities, the growing masses of warkotakompu bred by the dark's captive queens, and smiles.
