Pamphlets spread around Cannor and the Divenhal like wildfire, the claims printed there more inflammatory than the hottest embers. Castellos, the ruling god of the Regent Court, is dead. Published by the Order of Chroniclers, the printings detail murals located in an ancient precursor ruin containing vast carvings depicting the whole course of precursor civilization. The last of these murals appears to have been made after the Ruin of Aelantier and depicts a deity named Castellar, known to Cannorians as Castellos, trying and failing to prevent the calamity. Copies of the mural are printed on the back of every pamphlet so that all can see the sky god’s end, and the Tellumite Town Criers shout the words from the rooftops. Castellos is Dead. In addition to the rapidly spreading pamphlets, a radical group of apprentice mages within the Magisterium became convinced of the Chroniclers' claims and hatched a plot to seize the Tower of Adráil and use its magic amplifying properties and location in the middle of the Dames head to project the image of the mural on the clouds for all to see. Just a few days ago, the image of Castellar faltering before the devastation of the Ruin of Aelantier appeared in the evening sky, the flickering of the mural’s form against the clouds almost giving the illusion of the lightning shearing away Castellar’s outstretched hand. The plotters were quickly apprehended and expelled by the Magisterium, but there is no undoing what they did, no way for the population of the Imperial states to unsee the image cast upon the clouds. The shock and anger at the Chroniclers’ revelation has reverberated throughout Halcann, with many claiming the Chroniclers are lying and demanding action against them, while others defend the Chroniclers’ impeccable record as being beyond reproach. Still others clamor for answers from the religious leaders, most of whom are just as shocked as their congregations. The various clerics of the pantheon offer different answers as they write a flurry of letters back and forth and the high priests attempt to calm the situation. All the while, the question of the accuracy of the Chroniclers’ report hangs in the clergy’s heads, for if they are correct, then for all these years the Regent Court has been led by a dead god.
