Our adventurers in Aelantier have come across an incredible new discovery, with chilling implications. Under an ancient precursor temple lies a vast hall of murals, remarkably intact despite the ruin of the rest of the temple complex. These murals seem to depict the entire history of elven civilization, including events such as the War of Broken Chains, which saw the fall of dragons and the freedom of the enslaved elves, as well as the more recent War of Two. These visual histories flesh out what little knowledge of precursor civilization survived the elves' millennium at sea and will certainly be of vast interest to the Chronicler's Guild, but they are of little immediate concern compared to the events depicted in the final mural of the hall. Clearly carved in a less refined hand than the other murals, the final panel shows a scene of utter destruction and ruin, a great fireball rising from the middle of a continent, raining stone and lightning down onto the land. Off to one side, a man is seen descending from the clouds; he wields a scepter in one hand and is extending his other arm in an effort to contain the explosion, lightning streaking towards him as he does so. The extended arm terminates in a stump instead of a hand, and a great silver cloak covers his left side and partially obscures his missing leg. The artist's inscriptions have been partially translated, and our scholars believe they label the figure Castellar, God of the Sky, and the explosion is denoted simply as The End. This carving is clearly a depiction of the Ruin of Aelantier, perhaps from someone who witnessed it firsthand and survived long enough to draw what they saw, giving their remaining time to passing a record of events on to future generations. If what is carved here is true, then the elven sky god Castellar attempted to stop the catastrophe that caused the Ruin, but based on the state of Aelantier, he failed. We are left with more questions than answers. Only a fool could fail to notice the similarity in name, appearance, and domain of Castellar and the Regent Court's reigning god Castellos. If Castellar and Castellos are one and the same, and Castellar attempted to halt the Ruin of Aelantier but failed, what became of him? We have no way to know, but the debate around the veracity of the events portrayed in these murals and their implications for our society is already fierce among the scholars studying the temple. What do we do with the knowledge we have found here?
