The sleeper’s consciousness wades through the fabric of dreams; this time through shifting hues that seem to speak words of their own, and mesmerizingly flow to form grand worlds. During this delve, however, he has also felt an entity’s gaze, not uncommon for those that delve the world of dreams; though its close attention today is alarming. Alas for the sleeper, they have been followed and hovered about many times for years, even. Each chance encounter, the watcher would confine the sleeper in the world of dreams for what seemed like an eternity. The sleeper felt the entity’s gaze lift from him for a moment, observing this dream world with ravenous curiosity. The sleeper felt it move, reaching towards a floating dream, crushing and remaking it into fleshy sands that wriggle with overflowing life and hostility. The sands then congregate, to be undone and remade once again into perverted dreams of perfection, this time of his friends and loved ones beckoning to him to join them in a feast. A dream he had seen countless times as many others did, and upon that thought, all the food and person melt into squelching sands that slither away back into the dark confines of the dreams. This success only makes the sleeper groan, as he again anticipates in the near future the countless petty tricks the entity would throw again, and again, with seemingly no reason but to annoy him. Another one of the wriggling tentacles attempted to slither into the darkness in his mind, another one of the tricks of the entity that he has already gotten tired of squashing. This time, however, the entity suddenly tugged on his mind with forcefulness far beyond its previous efforts. A void slowly devours this dream world, and the entity’s presence creeps closer and closer. Even knowing it is but a dream, the sleeper dares not look at it, dares not envision it, but it nonetheless approaches him. As much as the dreamer tries to hold fast, his eyes involuntarily flicker towards motion and sound of the approaching water looming before him. It is not complacency that breaks the sleeper; no, it is simply time that has ground down on him, time and its endless tricks breaking him. Horror fills him as the wriggling flesh from before swarms his now defenseless mind. It invades every corner and every thought as they move with ravenous curiosity. The sleeper screamed with his eyes still shut; he screamed for what seemed to be ages across the void. Suddenly, he felt the wriggling flesh stop and the entity move. Vaguely, he saw what seemed to be its mouth move. It spoke a single word with feelings of joy, longing, wonder, admiration, and a desolate and ephemeral beauty. Death. The sleeper opened his eyes to see, and all he saw was the entity staring straight into his soul, and he saw it all. The sleeper saw visions of carnage, slaughter, and chaos by otherworldly creatures that hide in plain sight across a realm. They will awaken from their slumber and come, all of them, and then the world will return from whence it came. Through one of his glimpses however, he saw a creature that slumbered beneath the depths of their hold. A creature with eight enormous and slimy tentacles that stretch farther into the dark caves, with a head bearing an enormous maw lined with countless teeth double the size of an adult dwarf. The sleeper, no, the High King of Verkal Dromak awoke from what seemed ages of sleep, and immediately shouted for his closest aide to come, commanding him to call all of the clans and the finest adventurers across a domain. There can be no effort wasted for this, as even all the preparations of their supposedly mad ancestor are far from enough. He has been burdened by this knowledge, and by the ancestors, he will do whatever it takes to slay the creature.
