I must confess I have never cared much for the lizardmen. They are strange peoples with stranger ways. But that is exactly what is required now. We cannot go, but this person, whom we have barely talked to this entire journey, seems almost too eager to go. But I believe it is for the best. The edge of this crater is lined with what I can only describe as teeth, a giant maw ready to swallow whoever enters. So for once, I am swallowing my pride. as a Vernman, as a captain, this place is not for me. This is the one line I must not cross. My mustache has been tingling this entire time. I should have listened. And so we waited, using the time to rest. One day, two days, then the third. Nothing. Then the fourth day came, and with it came a light, a red distant light, small at first, barely noticeable. Before it was joined by more, a ring of red lights swimming above where I assume the lizardmen were, so far out and down. As far out as there is to the pearls from Heartspier, and as far down as there must be from the top of the Khenak mountains to Verne. And still we saw the red lights dancing, hovering, before suddenly the earth shook, our first sound for days, the maw’s teeth crumbling gently into the endless waters below. Silence again. Every heartbeat, every breath, stopped in fear and awe, as the gaping maw in front of us cracked in twain with a hollow thud, down, down the middle. Castellos, Adean, Corin, any god above whoever they may be. Down here none of them could reign. Instead, what rose from the floor, from the crack in the maw, was a god made flesh. Stone wings broke through the mantle first, unfurling themselves across the span of the maw, tip to tip reaching edge to edge. Its feathers dripped oily stone, as the head pressed forth from the mantle. It—some snout, some skull, some awful face—pressed itself towards me, one eye empty and bleeding, looking into me, before it spoke. It spoke into my head, pressed its thoughts onto my own, pushing me into the furthest socket in the back of my being. My body was spasming, yet all the while it spoke to me, with my own head, my own brain, pushing me further down. That is not dead which can eternal lie. And with strange Eons even death may die. I came to once again on the ship. My crew, gone. My party, gone. All save for a lone Lizardman, looking over me. It handed me a strange black orb, bowing its head. Before it left, it spoke one word to me, barely decipherable in its hissing voice.
