Alec tapped the shimmering, smoothstone wall and watched as the arcane ward flickered in response. They were situated near a shaft heading deeper into the undercity, one that happened to now be home to a raging waterfall. The sound was great enough to preclude talking, so Alec merely gave a nod, then pulled out the Korashi drill they had carried. Their party mage, a pinkhaired Damerian, recoiled at its presence and had to excuse herself. Corinato and their party rogue, an Eordan ranger, just watched his work in silence. The ward’s shimmer dissipated instantly as the drill touched it—an impenetrable defense, instantly nullified. Eventually, after a few hours of drilling, they broke through, undetected. The citadel was deep in Nanru Nakar’s undercity. Even though there wasn’t really an outside to speak of, the magically reinforced, heavily guarded entrances made good on that fortress description well enough. On the inside, it was like a palace—the grey, weathered smooth stone of most Precursor ruins was whitewashed and clean. Every inch of the place was stocked to the brim with supplies and provisions of all kinds, and treasure, lots of it. Corinato harumphed as he took in the sights. Precursor relics, priceless pieces of artwork, golden jewelry, and ancient heirlooms. “This must be a dream of yours, Pearlsedger. Riches beyond imagining.” Alec síl Arcavar chuckled as he hefted a Precursor spellblade from the wall. “Oh, yes it is.” Then he twirled, flashed the spellblade, and threw his old one to the ground. “But my, Corinato, don’t tell me your little kobold heart isn’t racing right now?” The redscaled fencer snarled, whipping his sabre around in a gesture of offense. “The difference between us, Vernman, is that we Pearlsedgers actually need the money. Have you been to the Pearlywine lately? Dismal affair, really. People leaving, towns in disrepair. You mustachioed freaks hogged all the adventure.” “How terrible,” the Damerian mage said mischievously. “They even stole your baldness.” Alec scoffed, tipped his tricorn, and ran a hand quick over his closecropped blonde hair. “I couldn’t be the BLOND BANDIT if I was bald, now—could I?” “Now now, reaver—” Corinato pointed his rapier deeper into the citadel, his maw turned to a grin. “Let’s focus on the adventure, hmm?” I think.
