The vault was gigantic, lined with every treasure the Mudaliars wouldn’t countenance losing. Even still, one stood above the rest – at the centrepiece of the room was a suit of resplendent, shimmering Precursor Armour. Corinato approached the piece, in awe – at the base, it read “War Armour of Liandarha Mudaliar,” the Tacenie Precursor noble that had founded the Mudaliar dynasty, so soon after the Ruin. But it was too good to be true. Corinato turned to a commotion behind him – only to see Alec síl Arcavar standing at the entrance, a fireeyed Mudaliar woman by his side, and twenty guards behind him. Someone had given him a wineglass. “Corinato. Corinato. Oh my dear friend.” “Traitor.” The kobold growled, as he flashed his rapier. “Now now. I didn’t lie when I said I was cutting you into my score.” the Blond Bandit flashed a grin, raised his glass. “I did lie about the rest, though.” He took a sip. “You see, that adventuring party did find this place – and died raiding it. But oh, they sent that letter beforehand. I was hired to tie up the loose end.” He gestured to the trophy room. “They want me to capture you alive, send you back with an enchantment-induced fable to give to the Viceroy – with just enough reality to fool any arcane eyes. You know how it is – ‘oh, there’s nothing there, just an empty storeroom.’” Corinato snarled. “Oh, don’t look like that – take in the relics, before you surrender.” He gave his paramour a grin. “In the meantime, I’ll be getting a little more acquainted with my employers.” He looked back – toasted again. “So long, Corinato. Till we meet again.” Alec left with his Mudaliar lover, the Vault door shutting behind him. They could still open it from this side, but Corinato’s party looked to him, desperate. He couldn’t bear it – he turned away, right back at the Precursor armour. – – – “Well, it fits.” The mage was trembling, as she gripped Corinato’s rapier, clad head to toe in the Armour of Liandarha. The Eordan ranger stood by her side, holding a relic bow. “Are you sure this will work?” She turned to the kobold perched on her back – claws gripping her upper arms, like strings to a puppet. Hopefully, if she responded to his inputs. Corinato gave a nonchalant shrug. “Well, if it doesn’t – it’s not like we’ll know anyway.” The mage gave a nervous chuckle. “Are we ready?” Nods, grimaces. “Alright.”
