An apprentice came in with a bowl of cashew nuts. Jalinwathi began to pick at them. “Just walking right through. Don’t even care about the gold one bit.” The adventurers were marching through that tunnel they’d dug. A boisterous affair that had been setting off arcane alarms for months. But it wasn’t all bad – the Vernmen had effectively cut another ventilation shaft for them. “Oh, I remember, I did have a guard posted at the other side.” Ramujith had set down his tome – he had a plan of the vaults in his hands, now. “It is odd that they aren’t going for the gold, though, don’t you think? I always thought the Cannorians were all about money. Riches, you know – wealth beyond imagining. But eh, their relics fascination. They are almost as obsessed with the things as we are. Thank the gods we moved the important ones out. Well, most of them.” Jalinwathi chuckled. “Yes, most of them. As in, all the ones we don’t have to pretend are important.” Silence, for a moment. Ramujith spoke, turned to his counterpart, brow upturned slightly. “You don’t think they’re going for the dragon, do you?” Another pause. Jalinwathi shook his head, smirked a little. “Wouldn’t that be a load off my mind.” The adventurers had finally gotten to the end of their tunnel – one of them looked out to see if the coast was clear – it wasn’t. There was an apprentice there, on guard duty alongside some of the nonmage fighter guards. The Vernmen stopped in their tunnel, discussed their options in hushed whispers. Jalinwathi raised an eyebrow. “Is that a new recruit? Would love to see how much of a fight he puts up. If there was ever a time for a secret prodigy’s skills to show.” Ramujith laughed. “Hah. Watch, I bet he will try something – insurmountable odds, let me use my secret special unique spell only I know. Remember the last one who did that? I swear you saw it in the duelling halls?” They were both grinning, now. “Come on now, apprentice. Show them the rage of Umathaladududorus. Oh, the adventurers are moving – looks like they’re.”
