The room was full of mages now, from high ranking mages to chattering apprentices, all watching the mirrors or listening to Ramujith. He said, “You wouldn’t believe it. The squirrel turned into a Wyvern. The others broke on sight, but the apprentice, Kadradar, heard the call of his distant descendant. And bam. Yeah, that Kadradar supercharged him. An intercession for this elf on this day. His penance? Well, he was sort of grappling with the wyvern, leading him right to the dragon’s chamber. It crushed them both. But hey, giving your life isn’t so—” Jalinwathi turned around to his gossiping partner and smacked him on the back. “Oh enough, Ramu. I know he was impressive, but the real show is on right now.” The Blue House’s Challúmaton Dragon, a colossal undead golem of bonewhite metal, fueled with the slurrysoup of untold thousands of souls, was tearing the Vernmen apart. A mockery of dragonkind, but the masterwork of the SlaverNobles. No blood to spill, no scales to dislodge. You could only hope to dismember it and separate the parts before it pieced itself back together, or exorcise the restless dead within. There wasn't enough space for the former, and it looked like the Vernmen would die before they figured out the latter. The crowd of mages watched intently, excitedly chatting about the battle occurring before them. As an adventurer finally cut off the dragon’s head in a mighty attack, Ramujith leaned in to his partner. “So how goes the great work, anyway?” Jalinwathi scoffed, a halfchuckle that hid a mountain of frustration. “Terribly, as always. We tried to control it with genie relics the other day. Just nothing. No reaction, not even exciting.” Another Vernman reached down to grab the head and found his arm bitten clean off by its maw. A gasp, as the dragon’s headless body swept the adventurers away and socketed its head back in its neck. “A weapon like no other, and it has sat in our vaults for fifteen hundred years, an uncontrollable hunk of metal. Just infuriating.” The scene on the mirrors caught Jalinwathi’s eye again; the Vernmen were restrategizing. Their clerics formed a line and chanted a spell. For a second, concern flashed across Jalinwathi’s face, but then a giddy hope rose in his heart. “By the gods, they might actually—it looks like they’re.”
