Corinato síl Hotzaya, grandson of the Boldest Vernman to ever be a Kobold, an artist with the rapier, had led a crack team to the great city of Nanru Nakar, to meet with the adventurers that had chanced upon a prize relevant to the Vernman crown. An underground citadel deep within the undercity, filled with evil and treasure. But Corinato had walked into a trap. The rogue sat reclined on a chair, boots up on his desk, wineglass in hand. A tricorn adorned his closecropped blonde hair, a white leather greatcoat swaddling him in spite of the heat, and, of course, there was a massive pearl around his neck. Corinato had heard of this one – Alec síl Arcavar, the Blond Bandit, a Pearlsedger. Swords and pistols drawn – but the Vernmen were caught. “Relax, my little barbel’d friend. I haven’t come to kill you, just to hire an exceptional colleague,” he toasted his wine glass and took a dastardly sip. “As you can see, the letter was a ruse, but the conceit isn’t.” Alec grinned. “You see, my current paramour just so happens to be a Mudaliar. They’ve ruled this city since the Ruin, through invasion and strife. That sort of family would need a panic room to survive, yes? Well, they have one – half a mile underground. And she told me all about it.” “Spit it out, reaver,” Corinato hissed, with a flick of his rapier. “What vile scheme are you entrapping us in?” Alec shrugged, took another sip, smirked his way out of it. “Vile? Why, I only want to cut you in to my newest score. You call me reaver, yes? I think it’s time to reave. The Mudaliars are rich and powerful. Either you help me steal some of that wealth, or I rat to my lady and sic the power.” Alec smiled, mischievously, triumphantly, villainously. “So, Vernman, what will it be?” Corinato snarled, but as he looked to his comrades, he felt only responsibility, duty. A flick of movement, a whoosh of scale and red, and Corinato was on the table, rapiertip tipping tricorn. A bead of sweat appeared on the Bandit’s forehead, but his smile did not break. “Fine,” said Corinato. “But we do it my way.”
