Countless many are witness to the long moment of creation. Precious fewer glimpse the moment of demise. Contemplations for Nerat. "It has to be you." Acanto looked up, despairing. The adventurers before him were stout folk, strong of muscle and determined. It was obvious they had striven for everything in their lives, had not simply cowered from anything which didn’t come naturally to them. They had not been bullied by convention into a career, then lightly cajoled into committing a terrible atrocity. "I’m not that kind of mage," Acanto replied, waving an arm ineffectually. "I make objects different. Sometimes that’s useful. But it’s not fast. Not reactive." He looked at their faces and sighed. They were the same determined faces he had seen his whole life, a mirror image of the old director’s face. They would convince him to do something, and he’d do it. "Thousands are dead," said the pretty one, with the gentle face. It was not the first time he had said this. Acanto had grown to hate ThousandsAreDead more than any of the others. "You have to join us. We’re flying out in under an hour, and we need someone who knows how this was done. You’ve seen the footage." Acanto had, of course. Crystals recording the progress of the Decay Holohana, lurching and raging along a course not even the project mages could predict. It was the comeuppance of the Vernmen, the last frontier of hubris. And Acanto had made it happen. Any spell maintained on that scale for so long. Well, it was a miracle the paralytic field hadn’t fluctuated earlier. But as soon as it did, the people of Verne learned the terrible truth. For all this time, for years, the holohana had been struggling, desperate to get free. Its fury in release was a terrible thing to behold. It was impossible to know for how many people’s deaths he was already responsible. He wanted to run in the opposite direction. He wanted to tell his whole stupid country to piss off and go abjure a nice wall in a hill fort somewhere. But he knew ThousandsofDead would convince him.
