It is the teaching of religion and the sciences both that things dwell in natural harmony with their surroundings. Such naivety never outlasts a meeting with the Holohana. Acanto had never been much of a Vernman. Beyond a distaste for moustaches, which he found scratchy and unbecoming on his slightly flabby, moonshaped face, he felt he retreated from life. He had retreated from military service into a life of scholarship, dreaming of being left alone with his thoughts in the Vernissage gardens. He had retreated from Evocation into the sturdy, placid school of Abjuration. He had retreated into Insyaa scholarship because nobody else in his cohort had wanted it. Then, finally, he had retreated onto a research ship, gently pressured into a three year stint in Insyaa. And now he was here, being asked to teleport a Holohana. They’re the size of three castles on top of one another, Acanto said, helplessly. And they’re alive. It was pointless, he already knew. He had seen the look on the Director’s face in so many other Vernmen in his life. It was the look of courage and determination, the desire to make the impossible possible. Please, barked the Director. We are the nation which brought home the Leviathan, which carried a pillar over a continent. Acanto struggled for words. It was another Vernman trait which had escaped him; he had never been an inspiring speaker. Putting aside that we are speaking of a distance more than three times that of the lizard pillar, that same lizard pillar which caused an entire district of a metropolis to vanish, just if we are forgetting that, the Holohana are alive. Acanto could feel the heat of frustration in his neck. He thought he might cry. They’ll fight us off, and if they break free, we wouldn’t just be dropping them in a desert but, what, on top of Dhenijansar? To his astonishment, the Director seemed to heed him. He felt a brief surge of relief. Indeed, we’ll have to teleport it the whole way. Acanto crumpled. For a moment it seemed he might object, but instead he merely sighed, retreating into his lab.
