Servants of the Sorrow, Guardians of the people, protectors of honour, valour and justice. This is just one way to describe the Ahati brotherhoods, who have since the times of Aakhet the Bronze Dragon been organised as an unrecognised yet highly skilled military order, devoted to the lands of the Sorrow and its denizens.  Organised in a more militaristic Northern Brotherhood and a quasi mercantile, quasi martial Southern Brotherhood, they form a presence throughout the entirety of the Lands of the Sorrow. They are extremely organised and employ a rather rigid hierarchy, which has given them a level of discipline, rivalled by few. Yet none is judged or treated differently because of their birth, as the Ahati are the epitome of a meritocracy, a leftover from the occupation of the Sorrow by the Damerians, who the Ahati see as one of their primary influences. As such, they have seen many high ranking leaders, who came from the lowest of backgrounds, like Ramash the "Clothless" who had lived as a beggar for years before joining the ranks as one of their best swordsmen, or Siyek "Foultaint" who started as a tanner for the order before proving his worth as a skilled organiser.  Another thing which sets the order apart is their devotion to Aakhet, the Bronze Dragon. Aakhet once ruled the Kheteratan lands and praised those who showed honour and valour, something which the Ahati have woven into the fabric of their orders. They therefore do not really revere the Khet, and some even accuse them of being nothing more than a dragon cult with a veneer of Khetism as to prevent persecution. They do however put great importance in how the Steward of the Sorrow behaves: Whether the Stewards show that they are worthy, honourable and noble. They want the steward to be an example for all to follow through action; be devoted to the people and to the lands they govern. These standards are to be met, or the Ahati may be provoked into action.  Our employment of the Ahati will grant us a disciplined and professional fighting force, together with providing administrative and economic support, if we so desire. They are a great boon to our nation, at a cost that is.
