The Chancellor was sitting down to his morning tea, reviewing financial reports from different departments and ministries, when a courier entered carrying a scroll with a black wax seal. He had been reviewing the month's memorandum from the Vice Ministry of Commerce, which once again reported astonishing revenues from trade, as it had ever since the port of Arawkelin had been secured. This had not merely been the subject of dry missives from the imperial bureaucracy, but was reflected in the splendid panoply of exotic goods on display in the Grand Bazaar of the capital. It would seem the merchants had outdone themselves. However, the scroll the courier bore, from the Directorate of Perpetual Happiness, told a different story. Agents and informers attested to wide scale fraud. In an apparent effort to save time and capital in dismantling and recreating the trade routes long established by local merchants, they had simply rented their rights to the locals for a hefty fee. According to the Directorate, there was a huge network based in Arawkelin of native traders posing as magnates.
The Chancellor put down the scroll and ordered a larger, stronger pot of tea be brought to him. It went without question that laziness and fraud be punished severely. Revoking their rights, seizing their property, banishing them from their cities, and crippling them and their male relatives to the fifth degree so that they would live as beggars would be a proportionate response to their thievery. But the fate of the native traders was not so obvious to him.
It would be well received among the remaining merchant houses to wipe out the traders and grant them the rights and property. However, this would surely unsettle the harmony of the record trade profits being enjoyed. The traders had shown initiative and resourcefulness, and the fruits of their labor could hardly be denied. Granting them their own seals, on the condition of adopting the language and customs, would perhaps even further the reach of trade networks. He pondered the choice deeply before drafting a note to the lord with his recommended course of action.
