"Only through obedience, harmony and hard labour can humans show their worth. Only through accepting their position within society can they uplift themselves and reach their fullest potential. Only through the caste system with the harimari guiding the humans below can they prosper" Harimar the Great  The first day was young, and the air was filled with the smell of flowers when the human delegation arrived at the palace. They wore black robes with only simple patterns, as they were instructed not to dress above their caste by the victors. On the other side stood these victors, the harimari. The harimari were dressed in the most lavish robes one could buy and with the most extravagant patterns a tailor could think of. The negotiations would be split in three rounds over the course of multiple days.The harimari treated the humans not as partners or equals in these negotiations, but as a conquered people who would have no choice but to accept whatever demands were made.  The first topic of the first round of negotiations was that of reparations for what one harimari negotiator called "the frustrating nuisance of human rebellion." All assets of the richest human farmers would go directly to the coffers of the harimari who lost the most wealth during the Blood Lotus and the profits of all luxury crops like spices or cotton would be taken directly by the harimari state. The second one was the Right of Grievance, or more specifically the abolishment of this right. No longer would peasants be able to send their complaints to local lords or to make any requests of their lords. The third topic was military service. From now on the humans would only serve as cannon fodder, footfolk or menial workers and officer positions would become harimari exclusive.  Finally came the question of who belonged in the lower castes. While the harimari delegation put up a united front on this topic, in reality it was split on it: Should the few harimari in the lower castes remain there? During a break in the negotiations, they debated on it and in the end decided to.
