"There is great virtue in the lives of the artisan, they craft the glory of their ruler through their jewellery, clothing and other works of splendor. I would even dare to say that if I were not a harimari, I would wish to be a human artisan, for the humans are the best crafts folk in the world" Radjgut the Elder  When the second round of negotiations started, the harimari negotiators began it with poetry explaining to the humans their need to understand their lower place in society and to focus their talents where they had the most potential. They were warned against striving for power not made for them. The harimari wanted to show the difference between the two races, yet did not want to create more anger. This time they showed the difference via food. The Harimari were served a myriad of Haless’s finest teas, delicious and luxurious but not providing the energy one needs for hard labour or crafting. The humans on the other hand received nutritious food that would allow one to work for days, yet tasted bland. Afterwards the harimari laid down the multiple topics of the second round.  The first topic was that of the merchants' guilds. They were allowed to remain but with additional administrative oversight to prevent them from amassing copious amounts of wealth. The second topic was that of artisanry: The artisans would be forced to give discounts to harimari and could not sell their masterworks to humans anymore, not even to foreigners. The third topic described that the navy would be mostly manned by human sailors, but all officer positions would be taken by the harimari, because only they have the divine right to lead while humanity's place is to follow.  The final topic was that of the makeup of the middle castes. While the lower castes had only a few harimari individuals, many harimari had been artists and tradesfolk as well. Now it was up to the delegation to decide whether they could stay or elevate all of them into the upper castes, even if it was against these harimari's wishes.
