‘Imagine, if you will, a person. They could be man, woman, or neither; but for the sake of this story, let us call them the man. This man was stranded upon a desolate foreign shore with no hope of ever returning to his former home. Rising from the stony beach were rocky cliffs, stretching onwards in every direction he looked, cloaked in a dusky gloom. But gleaming behind the lip of the cliff face was a faint glow, beckoning the man. He gathered his remaining strength and started to climb. After what seemed like an eternity he reached the top of the cliff, only to be greeted by the sight of steep rocks rising onwards and onwards from the shore, all merely the foothills of a truly gargantuan mountain whose outline could only barely be guessed at by the hazy glow emanating from behind it. Undaunted by the task he had set himself, he started to climb towards the mountain, filled with an unshakable certainty that he needed to see the source of the distant light brightening the eternal twilight. Slowly he made his way onward and upward towards his goal, resting only when he must, until he reached a massive chasm preventing his advance. But he never wavered in his convictions, fashioning crude tools from what his meagre surroundings offered him, and finally managed to build a shaky bridge across the chasm. On the other side the mountain rose to further heights. Steep cliffs, treacherous rockslides and freezing cold conspired to keep the man from his goal, but he vanquished them one after the other. Presently he was no longer alone, joined by others on the path he had cleared. Those with a certain gleam in their eyes, he bade to accompany him on his journey, as he recognized in them his own desire to lay eyes on what was hidden beyond the mountain. For years and years they struggled onwards, until finally the man climbed the last stretch of a crag and dragged himself onto a barren plateau that was bathed in glorious golden sunlight. Exhausted beyond measure, the man closed his eyes and enjoyed the warmth of the sun after untold years spent in the cold twilight, assured that he had reached his goal at last. Little did he notice that he had only ascended a lesser peak of the mountain, whose true apex rose in the cloudy distance.’  ‘This man,’ Jaddar spoke to his rapturous audience of young temple acolytes, ‘was Taelarios Irrliamzuir. Should he be remembered as a fool who failed to realize that there were further peaks to climb? That what he had reached over a lifetime of devotion was merely a waystation, not the end of the road?’ ‘Certainly not. For while Taelarios might not have grasped the entirety of Surael’s Will, the true enormity of His Love for all sentient beings, he guided untold others along a steep and treacherous path out of the Darkness and towards the Light. And with his death, we all are bereft of a devoted teacher, diminished without his wisdom.’
