Our lord lounged against their jaguar’s curled form, legs crossed and a sheathed Saerasyar lain across their lap. Our lord felt the gentle purr of the sleeping predator ripple through their back, smiled as they grazed a hand over its pitch-black fur. They didn’t have to be very invested in the meeting going on in the Askalyn at Assakadail, where Munazhlan once sheltered his people. The As-Sadaun, the great recordkeeper, was the real centrepiece here – he was giving a passionate speech on unity, on the threats that face them, on the unfortunate missteps of those who came before. His words were our lord’s ideals – and everyone knew what must be done, what needed to happen.

At least, that was what they hoped. One of the Adezhegs stepped forward, interrupting the As-Sadaun’s speech. "You speak of unity – I ask, why under Caergaraen? Ruffians, bloodthirsty pirates and rabble-rousers, no better than Geladhlan, who caused naught but division, or the fools that incited the Gophiran to attack us not two centuries ago! Who here believes that this," he said, gesturing to our lord, "will be any different?"

The lord of Caergaraen smiled. Their jaguar awoke, suddenly but silently – when they rose, grabbing Saerasyar by the sheath, so did their mount, stalking towards the dissident chief as they advanced on him. They raised Munazhlan’s blade in front of their face. "Do you know what this is?" The dissident gave a quizzical look. "It... is the sword of Munazhlan."

"What do you think it does?" "It protects the Chendhyan people... our liberty." "And how do you think it does that?" The dissident hesitated again. "It... well– it–"

Our lord ripped the sheath from Saerasyar’s blade. The blade’s leaping flame flared in the chief’s face. The dissident screamed, recoiled from the heat, as our lord’s jaguar roared, and the lord raised the blade of Munazhlan high, for all to see. "You ask, 'why Caergaraen?' Here’s your answer: when I say I’m going to war, I mean it! The Green-Flamed Sword will never lay idle again!"
