Oakbreaker has come again; but this time, it seems, she has not come to speak. The doors of the great hall swing wide as she approaches, flanked by a large entourage of warriors loyal to her, their footfalls heavy on the stone floor. The raucous laughter of the assembled feastgoers turns hushed and apprehensive as Oakbreaker approaches, her expression cold, greataxe resting on her shoulder. The ruler of this land. I have come to challenge you to Ozarmchadash. I challenge you by right of strength and renown, and demand you hear my grievance. Her words fade into the rafters of the hall, her booming voice seeming to shake the whole building. Around the hall, all eyes are upon her, but not one whisper of protest is raised. A moment later, seeing that none would rise to stop her, Oakbreaker continues. When I came to this tribe, I came to ensure that orks would survive as free people in this land. We face terrible odds, against the adventurers who would enslave us and our children for the crime of the Greentide. I came to bring my expertise in war to make certain that would not happen. But I came not only to teach war, but of honor. Of a human woman who showed me that strength is measured not only in one’s brawn, but also in the brightness of their soul. I came to shepherd the orkish people along a path that would lead to us being seen as equals by the powers of this region, for it is in that way that survival lies. And now, after I have upheld my end of the bargain we struck, to train your armies and lead your warriors and bring you glory, you recoil from following through on your end of the deal. You gave your word that I could bring Corin’s message to your people. I cannot allow you to break your promise now and risk everything I have worked for by carrying our people away from the path of honor we now walk. And so, if you will not be the leader that these people need, I will. With those words, Oakbreaker plants her axe squarely into the long feasting table before her, the runes glowing faintly in the candlelight of the hall. Her steely gaze finds the ruler and holds their eyes, waiting for a response, ready to spring into action the moment that her challenge is met.
