It is said that half of all adventuring parties begin in a tavern. And though few of those were to be found in ransacked Escann, Rethag Ironbrow did his best to keep up the tradition. A dwarven warrior native to Rubyhold, he and his companion Belgrak Cavedweller fought as mercenaries during the Lilac Wars and then followed the Marcher Lords east as they headed to Escann. For the first time, they fought not for gold but for their own purpose, the ancient tales of Rubyhold calling them to battle against the orkish foe. But their erstwhile employers grew frustrated with the duo's tendency to end every battle with copious alcohol intake, but one redheaded adventurer found it inspirational. After one particularly intense battle near Bladeskeep, she challenged them to a drinking competition; goddess of bravery, indeed. Long after she had lost and retired for the night, the two dwarves were still going at it. Coming across them, the Marcher Lord Carleon Blacktower was struck with disgust and demanded the lords dismiss them. But the binding power of alcohol had done its work once again, and the two dwarves joined Corin's Circle. Where they found all the beer and booze, none of the Circle quite knew, but they were much appreciative nonetheless. Or so our ruler has learned over multiple mugs of cider, today, as Rethag Ironbrow recounted his life's story. The dwarf has apparently had enough of sampling all of Escann's taverns, and seeks to return to the adventuring trade. Not as a fighter, however; he would have us provide him with all the beer he desires, and in return, he will write for us a compendium on the art of war. He claims he knows almost every detail of tactic and strategy used in Escann during and after the Greentide; and he promises us an answer to any question about them we might have. (Indeed, the only questions he refuses to answer are those about his absent companion. That, he will not broach, and even the mere mention of Belgrak brings either rage or grief; perhaps both; to his eyes).
