As Eledas threw another body into the pit, he could hear the philosopher behind them giving his lecture. "The war for revenge!" he called. "The war for defense! This has precedence, brothers! Look to the example of our ancestors...!" Eledas walked back over to the rest of the Mteibhar, picked another from the pile—this one had been cut across the front. Died in battle, not in the slaughter that followed. Eledas grabbed the corpse by the legs and dragged it over. There were ten or so other soldiers working alongside him—more on the other side of Kanziyen. It was a big town, and there were a lot of bodies. Sweat drenched his blue skin, while the stench of decay assaulted him. Grim work.

"When the Eltibhar united and descended from Meteí," the philosopher continued, "did Alecand take their attacks with indifference? Bury the dead and forget whom put them in the ground? No!"

Eledas finished dragging the body over. It had left a trail of rot from pile to pit, but that was an issue for the incoming colonists, those who would turn Kanziyen to Kóianbaso. He turned the corpse on its side and kicked it into the mass grave. It landed with a squishy thump on top of the other bodies.

"The Kheionai struck back! The Eltikhan were vanquished, destroyed!" Eledas turned back to the other bodies—there were only a few left. "And so we have avenged the massacre of our own people! Our kin! Blood has been repaid with blood!"

Eledas took a bharbhen woman's corpse, this time. She'd been run through the back with a spear. "But the challenge is not over! The war is not over!" Not over indeed. Eledas and the other soldiers were moving on, soon, to join up with the rest of the army and conquer the heart of the Mteibhar. "Today, you are cleaning up the past—tomorrow, you shall march for the future!" Eledas kicked the corpse into the pit, then wiped the sweat off his brow, before grabbing a shovel.

"Only when the enemy is crushed," the philosopher called, "when the threat they pose is extinguished, may we live free! May our vengeance turn to justice!" The soldier shook his head as the last bodies were thrown into the mass grave. Justice for us, Eledas thought, as he began shoveling dirt into the pit, and death and terror for them.
