Our chronicler has told us of a powerful dwarven sorcerer by the name of Ithnir, whose legend claims that he has hidden some of his treasure within these parts of the Serpentspine. Often he tried to convince the expedition to search for the fabled riches, but often there were more pressing matters to attend to. Recently, however, following a time of few expeditionary successes, our explorers are more and more inclined to finally search for it. Scouts have been sent out into the dark to search for signs of the wondrous, mages are tuning their wands to recognize magical signatures, and our chronicler is pouring over his scrolls and parchments, looking for clues to the exact location.  After five days the first scouts return, with no news of any signs of treasure, but over the course of the day some mages pick up a trace of arcane energies leading down a vast crevice. Scouts are sent out to try and find a safe way down and up again, but there seems to be no path. One group, who has reached the bottom of the crevice, obscured by darkness, by repelling down some rope, report that they have found an old crest of dwarven make. The iconography matches the time of Ithnir, and the emblem is linked to his infamous Wandsmith clan.  Discussion about how to approach the matter now have ignited all over the place. Our engineers have proposed that we build a hoist to get soldiers and abjurers down to search for the treasure, while some soldiers would prefer to find a way down, arguing that there could be a slope down that has been eroded out of the stone over time. At last, the safer option has been chosen, and the soldiers search for ways down. Fortunately, this path exists, and the entire expedition can descend into the canyon.  It did not take the mages long to find a magically concealed wall, behind which the hoard of Ithnir gleams at us. Our soldiers ready their bags and chests when the chronicler speaks: "There is, of course, the possibility that Ithnir might have cursed the hoard in order to punish anyone trying to take it by force." The soldiers fall silent and look at the expedition leader for a decision. What shall we do?
