The 330th Empire's capital was in Arskitse, a great city that now rests underwater. The story goes that the emperor conducted an arcane ritual out in the middle of the ocean, and in doing so angered the residents of the deepest underwater trenches. These Deep Devils rose up and invaded not just Taneyas, but the entire continent from Divenhal to Ardimya, in an event known as The Onslaught. These Deep Devils sank many of their island cities to the bottom of the sea. Lizardfolk may be semi-aquatic, but they cannot live in an underwater city. Besides, after the monstrous creatures rose from the deep ocean, few lizardfolk were keen to enter the waters again. The cities were abandoned, with only the Arskitse spire rising above the sea as a reminder of what was once there.

Over a thousand years later, these sunken cities were home to a new people: merfolk. Arskitse is now their home, as are many other sunken cities along the coast. Lizardfolk have long cultural memories, so we have little trust in a species that emerged from the seas. But Deep Devils the merfolk are not. Instead, a new theory has emerged.

Merfolk are ruinborn. Merfolk only appeared in Sarhal shortly after the Day of Ashen Skies in the year 1. Though at first glance their fishy scales and long tails instead of legs might lead you to consider otherwise, they do bear a general elf-like appearance, including distinctive pointed ears. The discovery of degenerated ruinborn in Aelantir that have mutated far beyond what elves normally look like lends credence to the theory.

This is a controversial topic in merfolk society. To them, merfolk are merfolk, and not some other race. Some have even been ostracized and kicked out of their homes for trying to debate the topic.

Many of these ruinborn-ancestry believers have banded together and approached us recently, asking for assistance. They wish to return to Aelantir and uncover the truth. Crossing the ocean as a merfolk is not feasible. But with the help of an above-sea ship, they could hitch a ride with us to Aelantir if we can secure them a new home.
