As the lights in the night sky lined up to the markings in the sand, each constellation glowed and began to fall, as though the sky itself was falling. Thraxi, each made up of thousands of stars, sank from the heavens. As each one reached the ground, it would join its brethren and spin together. Faster and faster as each thraxi joined the throng. More and more lights joined its ranks, the center of the whirring mass shining as bright as the sun itself. And then, with one brilliant flash of light, it stopped above the crowd. The symbol of eternity: the Thraxis.

At first, many fell to their knees. The naga in attendance curled up in awe. Yet as the minutes wore on, an awkward silence descended over the crowd. Could the Thraxis speak? In records, it had spoken, but this thing had no mouth. It was just hovering there. With a searing look from the head naga, the ruler shuffled to her feet and stood—before the Thraxis. The ruler started to speak. "To thee most resplendent of beings—"

The ruler was cut off by a voice, a voice that resembled a million voices all speaking at once. "Hello dear, how nice for us to see you. It has been... time since we last spoke to one like yourself. Tell us, what is it you wish to know?"

The voice was simultaneously comforting and terrifying, like a million unspeakable terrors tucking you into bed. The ruler stuttered and stammered, realizing she was not prepared for this. "Wh-wh-what can you tell us? How old are you?"

The Thraxis swirled in place for almost a full minute before it finally responded. "We are older than time. We were here before you. Before dragons. Before genies. Before the skies and the seas and the land and all beyond. Your question is difficult for us to answer, as to have an age, we must have a birth date in time. That is something we do not possess."

The Thraxis spun in place for another minute before speaking again. "We enjoyed this visit very much. Do feel free to contact us again if you have any more questions. We will be—"

Right at that moment, light from the sun spilled out over the jungle and onto the beach where the crowd stood. In that light, each star of the Thraxis faded, and before anyone knew what was going on, it was gone.
