The genie palace stood unchanged from when we last approached its entrance deep in the Plane of Earth. The Zatsarya at its center shone brightly, just as it did the last time we saw it. The military detachment was smaller than before, but more confident. This time, the genies didn't even notice our army until we had entered the grand palace gates. The first pair of genies didn't even speak; they merely waved a hand in our general direction and continued their conversation. But nothing happened. The army continued to march. The first round of soldiers started to prepare their muskets. One of the genies stared at their hand in confusion. The other peered at the army in disgust, until their eyes rested on a singular figure in our midst. Her expression shifted from disgust to horror to sheer panic, and, stumbling over herself, she screamed and ran. Fear also struck the second genie, but instead he stood up and shouted: "By the power of my wish, I demand you all to cease your existence!"

The air shimmered. Sparks shot from the genie's hands and swirled above the army, before coalescing into a single stream and pouring down into the open mouth of a wide-frilled lizard. The genie did not move—he was frozen in place through sheer terror. The last thing he could do before being riddled with musketfire was scream.

"A WISHCATCHER!!!"

Within three hours, the entire palace had been occupied. Every genie had either been driven out or been... eaten? It was not clear what happened. Musketfire could not kill a genie, but it did temporarily incapacitate them. Then the wishcatcher would approach the genie and it would simply fade, leaving behind nothing but a pair of curly-toed boots. Genies were supposed to be incapable of dying. They can only be bound or banished. But if their very essence of being was eaten, what happened?

Whatever had happened, genies were no longer a threat to our kind. The spire could be returned to its rightful place in Shalazar. The being that so terrified both elves and genies had returned. No mutation could ever be wiped out again, for now we knew they could always be brought back. Every mutation is eternal. Our empire is eternal!
