The Echenka humans have named this thicket, where the spire was uncovered, Atamumba. They fear it and have legends about it whisking away those who dare enter the area. The name has stuck amongst the lizardfolk here, despite attempts by the naga to rename it for their own population. As the spire flashed and its lights lit up the swamp, those inside the spire spooked each other with ghostly stories of what scary creatures they might find on the other side. What would they find on Atamumba? Stepping out of the spire, they appeared to be in the middle of a large field of an arid landscape. There were clear signs of agriculture at work, and even a few lizardfolk spotted working amongst the rows of scraggly-looking trees. Our people!

By now, we had a full procedure for first contact. Look large but unthreatening. Hand out gifts to the natives, while showing open palms to show you are not armed. Use a large and brightly colored language book to speak with them.

These natives, though, were different. They had strange shards of pink scales growing at awkward angles out of their scales, and glowing yellow-green eyes that gave no clue as to what they were thinking. Their gazes moved as one as our welcoming party tried to communicate, but not one responded, nor even looked at the gifts we presented. After various failed attempts to get any reaction, our diplomatic envoys gave up and walked back to the crew outside the spire, who had been examining the local plants and rocks around the spire.

Then there was a clicking noise. A rhythmic tapping, like that of a woodpecker, but from each of the yellow-eyed lizardfolk. As one, each of them began to step forward, raising their right arms. One loud click, and out from their arms blasted forth a barrage of sharp-tipped spikes. Every lizard of the welcoming party dropped, glowing yellow spikes piercing their bodies. A second volley, and a second wave of lizardfolk collapsed, clutching at the shards embedded in their chests. By the time the third volley was loosed, one member had finally started spinning up the crank, and with it, the few surviving members saw the sparkling lights and re-emerged into the strangely reassuring darkness of the Shadow Swamp.
