With the conquest and destruction of Pelodard, the Domandrod Fey have lost their most loyal subjects. A message arrived in your palace in the midst of the night upon your table, written on a curious silky paper and with gracefully curving script. Despite the beautiful penmanship and sweet words, they are outraged by your actions, demanding your presence and explanation for your actions. Their call is not one to be denied.  You travel from Arakeprun with a small entourage, ready for the long journey to the Domandrod. You pass from the grandeur of Spring Court cities to the hinterlands in the east. Here the trees grow thick, and civilization sparse. Watching from above on the treetops, the Peitar look at you accusingly. Your loyal guards look around suspiciously with polearm and bow ready in hand, primed for threat to your person. But harm never comes to you, and before long even the homes of the Peitar dissapear into the deep forest of the Domandrod. The air is still and the glades calm, but all feels as tense as a drawn bowstring. Your journey is not over yet, but in this moment you hesitate and ponder over yourself. What is it you truly want, what is guiding your actions? It cannot be a mere whim that you wake every day, every day that you command the fates of countless souls?  You command your caravan to stop for a rest by a small spring glistening from the sunlight that has pierced through the twilight of the Domandrod. While the camp is set up you walk over to the pond with your personal guard Nestrin. You gaze into the still but clear water disturbed only by placid butterflies, you gaze into your reflection and truly realize who you are.  Then you see in the reflections of the water an enchantingly beautiful woman draped in vines and a crown of rose thorn. Turning around, you see a monstrously huge man with a grotesquely horned mask, like a mass of antlers in every direction. The woman speaks to you with an unnerving smile.  "What have you seen in the pool? Not all who enter the forest come here, but those who do always have a guilty conscience. I know that you are a leader most powerful, that your every word is one that carries great weight. So tell me, O great leader, what words will you say today? What will you say to justify your crimes?
