They worked in shifts. It was the only way to keep the kneading going over so many hours, and it could not be slackened for even a moment, or they would do more damage to themselves than the Ourdi. Tanglit trudged abovedeck just as the sun sank under the horizon; a horizon flanked by the twin arms of Landshark territory, soon to be united. He was happy to be working the night; the twilight sea air refreshed him, kept him awake through the monotony and the sway back and forth of the siegegalley in the water, like a mother𠏋 cradling.  The shamans who were coming offduty released their grip onebyone. They stood at sundial positions around the weapon; as they let go, their shift partners took over. The whiteblue orb shook only slightly, not losing any of its compression. They all took a breath. It was such an insignificant thing; a child𠏋 marble, suspended in the air.  "We𠆫e close," said Tanglit, mostly to himself. Everyone was concentrating too much to chat. They had been kneading the weapon for weeks now, pouring their magic into this single place, forcing all the spare energy of fortyorso mortal wills into a single deliberate catastrophe. He took up his post, and felt the immense strain of the thing they had created together, an animal god desperately pulling at her reins. The five hours until the moment of victory passed as a second.  In the years to come, Tanglit was asked many times to tell the story of the Ouordsundering; by his brothers, by fellow courtiers in the clanhall of the new King, by men in the pub who鏆 heard a rumour or two, by his nephews and nieces and eventually their children. He told them about sounds; the immense crack as though the world was splitting open eighteen times; once for each galley; and the slow, dreadful heave of collapsing battlement. With a crooked smile he told of the drinking, of sneering humanity brought low, of the satisfaction of knowing that we searats had won.  He did not say other things, especially to his grandnephews, who had grown up indoors and feared nothing at all. He did not talk about the seventeenth galley, splintered and bobbing in the oilblack water. There were a few sounds he did not mention, that went on long after the walls were overrun, and which he still heard in his sleep. He did not talk about the morning, a few days after the wall fell, when he came upon a tiny corpse in the courtyard of the Arkwrights Guild, and could not say whether it was a goblin woman or a human child. He did not admit that by then, he did not care.  Instead he gathered the children together in the unhurried, indulgent way of the uncle, and held the hand of the most timorous, and let them argue over where to go and what to eat, in the city that was theirs.
