Looking out on Fangaula, it is hard to imagine a time when the gods were not gods. But there was only one God in the lands of Fangaula who was born divine, and he is dead now. So all the gods have tales of their lives, and it is a tale of life I will sing for you now. I will sing of Kunolo, and the travails that led to the founding of the great city of Kunolo and its many peoples.  Kunolo was born in times of war, in the ruins of a city they would one day refound. The halflings of Fangaula were washed away when the tidal wave of humans fleeing the Deep Devils crashed upon them, and their fabled beehivecities were no more. But Kunolo was fortunate, as they were found and raised by a human couple as their own, as if Kunolo was merely a short human.  And Kunolo had a happy childhood, but one day it came time for them to strike out. They travelled the shores in the spirit of commerce and discovery, and brought what peace they could to the warring lands of Fangaula through clever deals. But all the while, it gnawed at them that the place they were born in and where they lived with their human parents was left in such a state. So they returned, and made of those ruins the thriving city in which we stand now, as I tell you the tale of Kunolo, favored of Mother Pelican.  And across the lands of Fangaula and Horashesh beyond, there were people who needed a place to live, and the city of Kunolo needed people to fill it. The fall of the Fangaulan Empire had brought great ruin upon the land in its death throes, but in the city of Kunolo there was peace, so halflings and humans alike rushed to seek shelter here.  And even the lizardfolk needed a place to live. For these were the days of the wretched lich Kaino and his creations, and the homes of the lizardfolk had been destroyed by Kaino’s hordes. Thus they came to the city of Kunolo, and its people were afraid, for they thought that the lizardfolk were creations of Kaino. But Kunolo knew that they were not, and the lizardfolk entered the city and from then on had a place to raise their hatchlings.  Kunolo lived on, and Kunolo’s spirit grew larger and larger, until at last even the great city could not hold them. So they died, but not because they could not hold onto life. Instead, it is because life was not enough for Kunolo, and godhood and dominion over trade and peace beckoned.
