Listen. There is a newborn child among us today. The hearts of the jelli swell with joy when we hear a child’s cries, for each soul carries something special within it. I will give this young babe the welcome to the world he deserves. Let me tell him the story of Dulugu, Fojara reborn, and the rest of you may listen as well if you like.  Dulugu was born to the Ndurubu many years ago, and his tribe knew that he was something special from the moment he was born, when he walked and talked as soon as he slipped from his mother’s womb. The elders of the tribe made him leader, and the young boy Dulugu sat upon the chieftain’s throne with straight back, scepter in hand, and the burning eyes of a kingtobe.  The Ndurubu tribes in those days were many but divided, and spent more time warring among themselves than achieving glory for their people. But Dulugu changed this in but a yearin the dry season he rode to each of the fortyfour tribes of the Dulugu. He rode not as a conqueror but as a unifier, for in the wet season that year all the chieftains of the Ndurubu gathered in the meeting place. They granted Dulugu rule over each of their peoples for the greater glory of all. This is how Dulugu became king of the Ndurubu, who called him the Hungering Lion.  And the boyking then rode with his people at his back. They rode to the north, to the west, to the lands of the Binwarji, and to many more lands besides. All the world gave him tribute in metal and cattle, and Dulugu ruled wisely upon his throne for many, many years.  Eventually, the time came when Dulugu, Fojara reborn, had to leave the Ndurubu once again. But as his final gift, he gave his people a prophecy. We know that one day a great hero will come, and he will perform many great deeds, and reunite the Ndurubu with the great lions. Dulugu has told us so.  A pyre blazes in the lands of Fangaula where Dulugu was born. It is the pyre we sit before now. Look into the flames of the pyre, young babe, and Fojara might just look back.
