I will sing for you all a great song of chances seized and tricks cleverly played. And if my voice twists around you like one of Makan’s tricks, do not worry: it is naught but a joke played between friends.  There are certain manners that must be observed in the court of the gods. But Makan RiverChild had never been one for manners, and in the court of the gods she sang all the songs she pleased.  It one day came to be the case that Makan’s manners undermined the noble bearing that was required of a king. She sang of Aro, and how he never relaxed and was never any fun. And so Aro said to Makan in the court of the gods one day, ‘Makan, you know nothing of what it is to be a god. What little wisdom you have is taken up by your endless talent for japes and songs. There is one of the gods who is wisest of all. I banish you from this court, and order you to go to Kanhati the Black Antelope, he who knows of death.’  Makan was no lover of authority, but Aro was the king of the gods. And so she went.  And when she reached the house of Kanhati, he was there to meet her. And he said to Makan, ‘The river is lively, but the lake is serene. If you are of water, be of the lake.’  And Makan responded, ‘Kanhati, you forget that the lake is stagnant, and the mosquitoes lay their eggs on its water. The river is joyous, and it gives the people life. It is you who must learn something of the river.’  And Kanhati responded again, and the trees grew and died and grew around them again, and still Makan and Kanhati continued their war of wits, and deployed their words as soldiers on a battlefield.  Until eventually, Kanhati the unchanging changed. He bowed to Makan, and he said, ‘You have taught me that I know nothing, and you have much to teach me, for a lake must accept new rivers and tributaries lest it becomes stagnant.’  Thus Makan went back to Aro, and she continued to sing her songs and play her drum the same as she always had, but now at the great table of the gods, Kanhati hummed along. And Aro the king of the gods shook his head and said to himself.
