The crackle of burning wood fills your ears and the scent of roasting meat wafts past your nostrils as you join your companions by the celebratory fire this evening. It had been a successful hunt; a week of baying hounds, horse chases, and displays of great skill with bow and spear; and now was the time to celebrate. Your companions toasted and laughed around you, the day's trophies roasting over the fire. There was great joy here in the aftermath of the hunt, the exhaltation of the brotherhood of hunters, but the celebration tonight cannot help but compare with the exhileration of the hunt itself. As the flames of the bonfire grow higher, your mind drifts to the thrill that you have felt over the last several days; tracking the elusive rabbit, chasing the fleeing deer on horseback, standing fast against the charging boar. In each of these moments your senses and intuition have been taxed to their limits, and in those moments you have felt a sense of connection with the world like never before. To be awakened to all of nature, pitting yourself against the beasts of the wood, was more intoxicating than the strongest wine.  Having felt thus, you cannot help but consider Falah, the greatest of all hunters, who slew the progenitors of the monsters in penance for her father's sins. Was her hunt like yours, a celebration of physicality and instinct? Was it the retributive chase of a bounty hunter, bringing in a bount for a reward? The duty of putting down a rabid animal before it could harm those you love? And is the connection that you feel with the natural world felt double by Falah, whose mother died birthing her and became the bones of the world that she now protects? Keeneyed Falah, whose bow is true; what does she feel when she looses her arrows, you wonder.  Your companions shake you from your reverie and return you to the festivities. There would be time to contemplate and connect with Falah again in the coming days, during your future hunts, but today was a day for companionship and celebration.
