The Great Caehn has heard tales of people beyond the plains. Their philosophers have spoken of vengeance. They say that vengeance is like drinking the salt water of the Northern Sea—impossible for vengeance to ever truly quench one's thirst. The Great Caehn has also traveled across the Lake Federation. He has gone from Zabyos'tlar to Bazur Qarshtuluu, and he has seen that on the roads there was not a single league without the mutilated corpse of a Triunic hung upside-down by a tree or post. On occasion, the Caehn's retinue has passed by some surviving or hiding Triunic, and he has gotten the rare treat of beating the Triunic to death himself in accordance with the privileges of rank. In Bazur Qarshtuluu, the Caehn has seen the piles of books the Triunics have accumulated go up in flames, and he has seen the flames at that pyre and similar pyres all across the Federation be put out by covering the burnt archives with the demolished remains of the Triunics' houses.

The Great Caehn has seen the officials of the Lake Federation brought forth to him in chains, stinking of tears and shit. In the aftermath of the conquest, the Great Caehn has assigned an entirely new division of advisors to thinking of new ways to execute these officials, each more painful and humiliating than the last. The advisors have recently come up with the innovation of forcing the officials to drown one another to death in pools of the blood of their own people. Though the logistics will be fearsome, this method of execution shows great promise. The Great Caehn has given the man who thought of it a promotion.

The Great Caehn has seen great clans of centaurs galloping across the grasslands that once belonged to their enemies, wearing the gold and jewels of the people who once fancied themselves rulers of the lakes. The Great Caehn has migrated with his host across the Lake Federation, and held court in each of their great capitals. The great buildings of stone did not suit the Caehn, who prefers grass under his hooves. The Great Caehn has ordered each of these buildings destroyed after he left them.

On his travels, the Great Caehn has reflected on the great joy and wealth such Triunic suffering, both what he has seen and what he has not seen, has brought him. The Great Caehn has reflected on his journey of vengeance, and the message of the philosophers from afar. The Great Caehn has come to a conclusion.

Those philosophers were idiots.
