"It was a day like any other. The sun rose high above the cliffs. It beat down hard on everything below it, and it glinted off the metal of the great carts of ore. The carts had been assembled over months and months, by the brute strength of the miners and the wisdom of their foremen. They sat waiting in the heat.  Uzgar Stonescribe stood above it all, making sure that the carts that came out of the mines went to their proper places, for everything had a place in the mines. He had clawed his way up in the mines for years. First he pulled the carts, then he mined the ore that went in them. It was only after that the head foreman before him let him direct some of the work. It built respect for the mines, he said. He looked out over the mines, and everything was good.  But then along the winding path that led back to the main road, Uzgar Stonescribe saw something that didn’t belong in the mines. The chieftains and their men had come, as they did every so often. They had come to pick up the ore, and sell it off to fund whatever it was they did. They’d pay his miners scraps.  Their head man stopped in the middle of the road and looked down at Uzgar. Uzgar was taller than him, but that’s the way it was, somehow. ‘Pickup’s ready. Have your men haul those carts onto our wagons, and then we’ll pay you your wages.’  Uzgar Stonescribe stared right into that chieftain’s eyes. He looked at him in his rich robes. He looked back at his miners. He thought to himself about respect for the mines.  Here was one who had none. He opened his mouth to speak.  ’No.’  Murmurs rose, among the chieftain’s men and his own both. ‘What do you mean, no?’ The chieftain spoke with a sneer in his voice. ‘Who will feed you, then? Who will move that ore?’  ’I don’t know, but at least it’ll be our food, the same way this is our ore. We mined it, we’ll be keeping it. Our answer is no. Now get off our road.’  And so the chieftains left. Things were harder than they were in the mines, for a time. But the hardships were the miners’ own."
