On a cold winter’s night, Arosha’s children, grandchildren, and even greatgrandchildren gathered around her bed. The remaining members of Corin’s Circle, including Lothane, were gathered around as she had ragged breaths. Despite her ferocity and skills, Arosha was still mortal and death was real. A few years ago, Regar died of a heart attack, which left her depressed and feeling empty. Around the same time, the local healer diagnosed her with an incurable disease that kills slowly. Arosha faced the disease with bravery, but there’s only so much an ork in her 90s could do.  A priest stood by Arosha as she took the vows to convert to Corinism. As Arosha swore in a hoarse voice to uphold the sword and shield to fight evil wherever it lies and protect righteousness, the attendants shed tears. Once a mighty chieftain and queen with a bellowing voice and vigor was now a frail old woman. The ork who slew countless foes was now bedridden.  After the conversion ended, Arosha looked at Lothane and joked, "You know how we had bets on who’d live the longest? I think you won." Arosha weakly laughed before coughing up blood. "By Corin, when is this pain going to end? How long do I have to suffer until I can join my older brother and parents?" She grabbed a bottle of liquor from the end table and drank it dry. She wiped her mouth as she placed the bottle back down. "That reminded me of the good old days, of the old drinking contests between me and Rethag." She looked at Rethag in the group and asked, "You loved those, didn’t you?"  One of the greatgrandchildren, a little ork boy, ran up to Arosha and grabbed her hand. He started crying. "Mama Arosha, please don’t leave me. You’re my best friend."  Arosha chuckled as she messed with his hair. "This happens to all orks eventually. The most we can do is make sure we leave a legacy worth remembering. I am proud of what I’ve done by saving our people from annihilation and guaranteeing our survival." She looked at the boy. "But I’m most proud of my family. You were the reason I got up every day. The reason I did all of this. But you must remember, while I won’t be here, you can keep the memories."  She looked ahead and saw three figures surrounded in light in the room. It was her parents and older brother. She smiled and said, "I’m going home." She took one last breath before falling asleep. A sleep she would never wake up from.
