As Sareyand falls, the survivors of the siege are horrified to witness a surge of gnolls pouring through the streets; wave after wave of spotted, furred masses filling every corner of the oncefair city, driving out man and elf alike with cackling howls. Gnolls in numbers not seen in Bulwar for centuries, not only soldiers and slavers, not just warriors and raiders, but gnolls from every level of society; traders, tanners, hunters, fishers, the young and the elderly, matrons and all their litterlings, and still more and more gnolls yet. Their shrill laughter fills the air as they begin scouring the city of its modern Sun Elven architecture, tearing bricks and columns from the streets and burning wooden edifices with green flames. The native Bulwari onlookers, trapped in the region by roaming gnoll bands and counting down the hours until their inevitable enslavement, could not help but wail as they witnessed the frenzied destruction; the end of civilization itself, they feared. These wails turned into stunned silence as they watched the spotted horde drag the piled bricks from the city, to the hill where Jexis' manor once stood. They swept aside the ashes and there began to erect a great ziggurat, hastily assembled yet imposing all the same. A monument to no god or demon, but to gnollkind itself. Contrary to their expectations, the city's survivors were not clapped into chains by the gnolls. Our lord let them free, to bear testimony to what they had seen. Nor did civilization itself end that day; instead something old was born anew. The city itself returned to normal soon enough, as merchants from Rahen and farther abroad still returned to ply their wares to new buyers, heedless of the city's new management. The damages caused by the gnolls were quickly repaired, and for weeks afterward gnoll packs continued to surge forth from the Salahad into the city, filling it with new life. They no longer call it Sareyand, however. Instead it has been given a new name; an old name. Raxaklu, once the capital of the greatest gnoll kingdom of the Age of Monsters, is born anew. These developments have caused Bulwari across the land to murmur amongst themselves. Our lord is no mere gnoll, they say, but instead a demon. They are a scourge sent forth from the sands, to punish the wicked and the worthy alike. They are evil, but perhaps Bulwar is eviler. For their part, our lord is content to let these rumors circle, as humans across Bulwar begin to question aloud the righteousness of the elves and their rule.
