There Lothane stood.  A ringing sound infested his ears, his eyes saw only pure white. He thought for a moment he was finally meeting Corin once again. Yet this blinded hope was quickly shattered. First, the ringing faded to a large roar; no, multiple roars from hundreds of orks in unison, mixed with screams of pain and terror. After, his sight returned, bearing witness to orks pouring through the keep’s walls, freshly burnt and broken by a magical explosion. Each partook in the slaughter, no discrimination between soldiers and civilians. To them, there was no distinction between either; except which ones required a harder swing.  Yet out of all of the countless orks that clouded his eye, one stood taller than the rest. An ork of few words, preferring screams and one word commands, charging through his men, slashing with a giant axe and tossing people above the keep’s walls. Still, he did not falter to the beast; he had not survived the Greentide and followed Corin just to end up dead at the hands of a mindless brute. With one final prayer to the gods and to Corin, to give him strength, the grandmaster gripped his blade tight, lunging at the ork. It roared in distress, turning and swinging its axe randomly at Lothane as a sharp pain spread through its abdomen, sluggishly missing him each time the axe cracked the ground. Lothane stabbed it again, enraging it even further. He feinted back, planning to continue dodging the beast until it tired out. Yet suddenly, he felt himself slamming against a wall as he leapt back. Just as quickly as he realized this, he was just as quickly bashed into it, felling him to the ground.  There Lothane laid  Bones cracked, he couldn’t feel his breath any longer, he couldn't move his body. It seemed his prayers were unanswered. He realized there was no Corin, no Nerat to grant him strength now. There was nothing he could do now but perhaps finally meet Corin again.  And with his death, the final memory of the true vestige of Corin disappeared from this world.
