The river glistened in the sunlight; a balmy breeze blew across the water. In the shade of silken canopies on his personal pleasure barque, Khetarch Baqtkhet II silently bemoaned his allencompassing ennui. It was a perfectly lovely day, with perfectly lovely delicacies fed to him by perfectly lovely attendants while he reclined on a perfectly lovely divan, but so had been the day before, and the day before that. Imagine his surprise when the tedious routine was interrupted by the unscheduled approach of a supply boat. Aboard were not the expected crates and barrels to resupply the everdwindling stock of the barque, but what appeared to be a delegation, with a decidedly more hirsute appearance than he was used to from his usual human devotees. A closer glance revealed them to be gnolls, whose presence seemed to cause some concern amongst his alarmed attendants. One of the gnolls, of proud bearing and richly adorned, swiftly strode forward to stand before Baqtkhet, ignoring all ineffectual attempts to bar their way. "I, our lord stand before you, o mighty Khetarch, to claim what is mine by right of conquest. I request that you recognize my righteous claim to the Stewardship of the Sorrow. For I swear I will raise these lands under your care to heights never before seen if you do so. I solemnly promise to." "Yes, yes, you are certainly grand and mighty and all that, but what about the grapes?" "I.the grapes?." A look of utter consternation crossed across the gnoll's mien. "Yes. The grapes. I have been expecting a shipment of Bahari grapes for the entire last week. They are my favourite postnap snack and I am starting to feel well and truly annoyed by their continued absence." "Well.I am sure something can be arranged to expedite the replenishment of your grape stock. As long as a mutually acceptable agreement regarding the Stewardship can be reached. Surely you must recognize that the time of the craven Crodamos has passed and it is time for a new, ambitious Steward." An expectant silence spread across the pleasure barque, as the Khetarch, after a suitably dramatic pause, languidly waved a hand in disinterested assent: "Whatever you say, new Steward. Just make sure that me and my kin are no longer subjected to such a deplorable lack of amenities. It is simply an unconscionable state of affairs.
