"We will need, well, a lot." The chairman of the Committee of Adventure Affairs seemed unimpressed by the answer given to him by captain Avery. And rightly so, as requests by adventurers to support expeditions were revised with extreme care and a very critical mindset. "Squandering the resources of Plumstead is not on the agenda Mr. Avery, and so I advise you to come up with a more detailed and complete report regarding the needs of this expedition. Remember that the reputation of Professor Tyaphon and the support of the Ravelian Church are the reason this proposal is reviewed at all." Strict, and perhaps overly bureaucratic, the chairman further informed captain Avery that he had to give them a report from Professor Tyaphon about their research progress, alongside a list of gear and goods necessary to make such an expedition. A bit frustrated, Avery agreed and went to Professor Tyaphon for help. Together they came up with a report which was perhaps a bit ‘exaggerated’ regarding how far they were in their research, though by no means short or incomplete. "Just don’t tell them about those worms living on the other side of the mountains, or they might think we’re wormfood already," Tyaphon instructed. They also created a list of materials, goods and gear that they suspected was needed for the long journey. "You do realize that we are asking them for a small army right? You are asking for multiple regiments of men, and on top of that, a lot of food and equipment to keep those men going," Avery said with a hefty amount of doubt. Yet Tyaphon was unwavering as it was really necessary to go with such a force, else they might fail on the way to the vault.  A few days later, Avery returned to the committee with a report and a list. "Thank you Mr. Avery, the committee will now review your report and after that we may ask a few questions to clear up any questions or things which are not clear to us. Nervous, Avery waited outside for what seemed like days. Finally, after a few hours he was called back into the committee room and presented with a verdict. The committee had decided to:
