Despite the council rejecting Gram Glassgrinder's initial plea for a grant to produce a new magnification device, he has doggedly returned at every session since to present his case. Each time he appeared noticeably more ragged than before, with new scars, burn marks and minor lacerations abundant on his calloused hands and weary face. He was always jittery, constantly scanning the room with his bloodshot eyes and jumping at sudden footsteps from retainers. It was evident to all present that he had been working himself to the bone on the invention, but not why. Each time his demands increased too, culminating in requests for armed guards to protect his supposed invention. Curiously, despite this week being scheduled for annual research progress presentations, he did not reappear as usual.  He is not the only person missing, though. Throughout the week, the scientists and inventors of Orlghelovar should have been preparing to present their finest research and newest discoveries before the council. Invitations were sent to all prominent figures and everything seemed to be proceeding as normal. Now unease has begun to settle over the council, as less than a third of those invited have attended. Even those scientists that have arrived are uncooperative and many have brought no research or demonstrations at all. All profess ignorance as to why the other attendees are missing, and a group of prominent artificers have sequestered themselves in a side ballroom and are ignoring all summons from our guards.  Not yet understanding the gravity of the situation, we had dispatched officials to retrieve and question the wayward scientists. Now, a messenger bursts into the hall; ‘Rebellion.’ they cry breathlessly. All over Orlghelovar, artificers have banded together and resisted the officials, at first diplomatically but then with force. At several prominent artificer societies those inside have taken up arms and declared in no uncertain terms that the Enlightened 10 must capitulate and surrender complete control of state research and funding to them. At this news, the artificers inside rushed from the ballroom and attempted to take control of the council hall with hastily assembled weapons. Luckily one of the few inventions actually brought to the council was a prototype crowd suppression weapon, and with the quick thinking of the inventor all the perpetrators were captured with minimal casualties. There will be time to interrogate them and investigate the matter later, for now we must swiftly put down these revolts lest they spread further.
