Our lord leads the way through the halls of the recently-inaugurated Coghna Schilist, accompanying a new generation of warriors to today's lecture. Today's subject is history. A teacher with gray hair and a black uniform stands on a small wooden platform in front of the gathered class. "If any of you were asked who was the greatest Battleking in history, who would you respond?" the educator asks. "Would you perhaps reply Galadorn yen Ceped, who restored Malacnar to its freedom against the rule of his own dynasty? What about Alvarad Zabrmon, an elf who rose from the darkest depths of poverty? At 25, he was working as a cargo guard in Bosancovac, risking his life against thugs and thieves, and at 35, he became Battleking of Malacnar." Some hands are raised this time, and the educator grants permission to ask questions. "What about the Battlekings who didn't make it? The ones who were killed or bested in combat?" a young warrior asks. The educator responds: "Defeat is not always associated with shame, for you see, one of our greatest Battlekings in history was also defeated." Whispers are elicited by this statement, but it takes just one glance from our lord to restore silence to the room. "Morvarad was his name, of the famous War of Broken Antlers. It was a very ancient time when the Dolindhans, led by Lukaus, had just arrived in the Ynn, conquering everything in sight using their mighty antler horses. Malacnar too was subjugated for a time and ruled by one of Lukaus's companions, Celatan. But when Celatan died, the Malacnari had enough and ousted Celatan's son, electing a new Battleking from their own: Morvarad." "Morvarad ruled for 21 years and bested the Dolindhans many times, even managing to slay Lukaus's only trueborn son, Aollus. Then in 143 after the Flood, the Battle of Grebniesth happened, where he and his warriors were ambushed by the riders of Stantirvare. Recognizing the battle as lost, Morvarad kept fighting, not to win, but to buy his warriors enough time to retreat, and it is said that his sacrifice, much like the glorious victories won by his successors, is what inspires our valor today."
