The captain stood on his deck in the black of night. He knew the words, of course; all he had to do was utter them aloud.  ’Uelos the Destroyer, Uelos the Hunger of Waves, Uelos of the Darkest Deep, we supplicants have come to exalt you. We cannot give ourselves to you, for we are already yours. We ask for your blessing, and ask for your mercy. We ask for your temple.’  It was done. The captain returned to his helm, and began to trace the path he was born to sail. The wind whispered like teeth on bone, but it carried another sound: the storm maidens had picked up his chant. Their voices echoed, endlessly repeating the invocation, and turned the captain’s prayer into a song older than the waves. Their breath smelled of seaweed.  The path turned in on itself in an impossible geometry. The helm alone could not trace it, but the ship was guided by something that lived far deeper than the ship’s keel that night.  The singing echoed in rounds upon rounds.  The air began to fill with fog as the sea began to leave. The captain did not know to where it went, and yet it did, and in its place rose pillars hewn from saltencrusted coral and black stone, spiraling and impossible, bending the eye’s path, writhing as if they lived and breathed. The lanternlight did not fall upon them; it recoiled. The surface of the waves rippled with unnatural reflections.  The temple rose further yet, and the ship docked at a stair that was never meant to stand above the waves. The earth was shaking, but the captain had found his purpose and not even the world’s end would deter him from it. He began to climb, and the air grew wetter as he withdrew further from the waves.  The deafening song of the storm maidens followed him.  The captain could hear nothing but song and could see nothing but fog; he stepped forward in utter faith. At the top of the temple, a statue loomed. Its gaze was eternal and maddening. It saw all of the captain. If it was capable of joy, it would have appeared pleased.  The captain did not recoil. For here was Uelos. Here was the end of his path.
