The ruler shook her head as she read the reports on her desk. Siadanlen had only just been reformed, and it seemed as if it was falling apart. She had expected some shock from laying down the march, but this? Across the realm, the people of Siadanlen were rebelling against their rulers; the military was overstretched, outdated, and struggling to acclimatise to a realm at peace; and officials across Siadanlen’s new territories were beginning to understand just how woefully unprepared a marching administration was for civilian rule. Siadanlen had been plunged into a true malaise, and though the euphoria of reclaiming Siadanlen’s lost glory had calmed the waters somewhat, anyone could tell that this was only temporary. She wondered how it had come to this; Siadan had seemed to be on an unstoppable ascent, but it was as if its wings had been clipped as soon as they pierced the clouds. Was it Siadanlen’s destiny to fall just as quickly as it had risen, like the empire of Jaher? The thought alone was a terrible one, but she could not ignore it. The ruler slumped back in her chair and sighed. MarcherSiadan had, in truth, been nothing more than a nomadic horde, sweeping away the toplevel states that stood before it, while maintaining the customs and, in many cases, local rulers of the peoples they conquered. To the majority of its subjects, the "Glorious Siadanlen" was merely those garrison harpies who came around every so often to collect their taxes and steal their possessions, claiming "tribute." And to the majority of the harpies, their possession of the state amounted only to a mandate to act as they so pleased. That had to change, and so Siadanlen had to change as well. The ruler set aside the reports and opened a map of Siadanlen, commissioned more for vanity than any practical purpose, though it would certainly serve one now. Her eyes crossed the cities and towns and provinces of her realm, as she looked upon every venerable state Siadan had reduced to ruin; the Phoenix estates of Azka Sur and Sareyand, the militaristic zealotry of Jaddar, the seaborne traders of Avhavubhiya and Davharral, the families of Ghankedhen, the debaters of Rayavhashapal, and she knew what was to be done. Siadan had to modernise. To adopt the practices and policies of its vanquished enemies and make them great under harpy wings, as it once did to Jaddar and their quest for glory. The realm faces as dire a challenge as Astarta once did, and if we are to survive, we must embark on a march of a different sort.
