The barge was unlike any that had been built before. Every inch of it oozed majesty: Horutep stressed that had to be the case to the shipbuilders, themselves chosen from among thousands. The prow was gold, the oars were ivory, and the cabin of the barge was made of a glass so pure that rainbows danced across Horutep’s face as he sat on a perfectly carved throne backed by a wooden Khet that appeared to stare straight into the viewer’s eyes.  As the barge sailed down the Luna River, Horutep stared straight ahead past the oar slaves to a sight that was common at home: the houses and the farms and signs of civilization common to any riverbank. As Horutep sailed, he reflected: these buildings seemed so sad, as if their very essence was removed from them. This was the purpose of his Grand Mission today. Across years and years, he and a handpicked team of priests had prepared for this day. The Rectorates and the Temples of this land had been crushed, and they could not plague the people any longer.  The barge reached the outside of a city, and sailed underneath a bridge to emerge in a market square. Horutep straightened his back and adjusted his crook and flail with military precision. He was the avatar of his faith, and could not be seen to be less than perfect. As onlookers in the square drew closer for they could not help but draw closer, as the barge had been enchanted with the most powerful enchantment magics of an entire continent a curious tension began to build. Commerce stopped. Every pair of eyes in the square and the buildings beyond was affixed to the barge, until in the silence, a woman fell to her knees with a terrible wail. Horutep did not speak the language of this land, but he did not need to in order to understand. The woman was asking the question every one of the onlookers had: what is this majesty, and who has kept it from us? Horutep understood so clearly because he asked himself that same question all those years ago.  As the sound of the screaming died in the silence, the woman stood again to a new mood in the square the conviction of the newly converted. Without words being exchanged, the square began to arm. The weaponsmiths threw open their stalls, and as each received their weapons they began to march to the city temple. Once the work was done the missionaries of Konolkhatep would follow.  The barge sailed on.
