She still remembered that dream, from all those years ago. When she had climbed to the tip of the Frostspear, and for miles and miles she had seen the destruction of man. She had wondered; and wondered still; whether that future had been avoided by her taking the Prince's hand. She remembered what the dragon told her in Svemel, about her becoming a god. He was right. Her influence reached every house and person in the nation, from Arakeprun to Daleigchos. a portrait in every home, an informant on every street. The Snecboth did not used to have gods. They did not used to live in one place. They did not used to control Arakeprun or Daleigchos. She had changed all that, brought unparalleled success to her people. And changed them. Changed every bit of them. Changed even the very land itself. She stood now in her office at the tip of a spire of metal and glass and ice and timber, and looked through a crystalclear window, her gaze falling across a land cast forever in snow. Was it so implausible that she could command her people's souls, without ruling over a realm of the dead? Was that within her power too?  Immarel shook her head. A mother of death. that was what she had sought to avoid all those years ago, she remembered that much. She had made an oath. But since then it seemed that all people did was accuse her of being one. And they were right. She was the mother of death. she had brought death and ruin and destruction to her own people and others. She had cleaved her nation clean in two during the Red Winter, crushed the nations of the south and the east, and worst of all, she had killed completely the old Snecboth way of life. That last part weighed on her the most. How couldn't it? She had murdered the very thing she swore to protect.  But had she not replaced it with something. better? She had, undoubtedly so, brought peace, prosperity and security to her nation, to all her subjects. There would never be another Hibernal Crusade; another Red Winter. No Snecboth child would be made an orphan by a marauding band of Autumnal soldiers. And if they were made an orphan by Immarel's hand, by necessary action. couldn't she do something about that? Take them in? Give them new purpose, like the Balladeer? Couldn't she help them where they needed it? Propel her people to greater heights still? Immarel knew one thing; as long as she stood, she would never again let inaction imperil the people of the north. Never again. And let that be the new oath of the Winterswrath. Forever and forever, she would stand. And forever and forever, she would rule. And protect. And keep watch over this thing that so many had shed blood to build. The LadyMother of Winter. ruling over a world under darkness.
