The festivities following the coronation had scarcely started before the Akal and all those wearing the magical helmets became delirious, with a mind shattering headache taking hold as they stumbled around. Then came the voices; promising loyalty, pleading for mercy, and an orkhestra of horrid screams. Followed by visions; a king sat atop mountains of gold, grand armies clashed on the endless deserts, and a blooded king impaled by dozens of arrows. The Akal unexpectedly arrived back at the coronation stage, with their eyes now a brilliant prismatic silver, shimmering with every colour as all those affected continued to suffer, until the Akal spoke and it arrived: clarity.  ‘I am Kar Alusir of Karqaslu, Emperor of all Qasnitu, conqueror of Bulwar, immortal among immortals, and henceforth emperor evermore of Karqaslu.’ Decades of madness were washed away by serenity as a voice, which had only spoken to the Akal, revealed itself. Few knew of Kar Alusir of Karqaslu, and those who did only knew of his madness and defeat at the hands of Elikhet the Wanderer. Yet his authoritative voice was soothing, enchanting almost – the crowd found their worries easing.  ‘Although you might not know my name, you have known my guidance and protection. Those magical helmets are the medium from which my magic flows into you, but in exchange allows me to possess your body.’ the word possession raised some anxiety – but those feelings quickly slipped away. It was nothing short of a miracle as Kar Alusirs words alone calmed the mind and soul.  ‘All future Akals shall rule on my behalf and act as my medium should I need to walk upon the mortal plane. In return all Akals can tap into my endless well of magic and have the privilege of holding the title Akalunakal Alusir. But make no mistake, the Akal is the akal and I Kar Alusir am the emperor. On the occasions I grace Halann with my presence, you shall refer to me by my humble title of Kar Alusir, Emperor of all Qasnitu, conqueror of Bulwar, immortal among immortals, and emperor evermore of Karqaslu. With my royal lineage finally restored, Karqaslu is truly reborn. May this day go down in history as not only the greatest day in Bulwar’s history, but also the greatest in Halann’s as well.’
