Horutep sat at the end of a great hall on a great throne, but he didn't feel very great. His tenure ruling had to this point been taken up by resolving petty disputes between members of the court and poring over grain ledgers. Was he to be the first bureaucrat forever? It was enough to make one long for the days of the Gunpowder Xhaz. Horutep heaved a great sigh, and as if on cue another coterie of advisors in ridiculous headwear (was it Horutep's imagination, or did their hats grow more elaborate by the day?) entered the throne room, each carrying piles of scrolls so large they could scarcely see in front of them to walk. No doubt, they were for him to sign. Each of them crossed the room and knelt, and one of the scrolls dropped from its place on top of its pile to roll in front of Horutep. He picked it up and began reading. The title of the scroll was "The Military Reauthorization Decree of current." Were the bureaucrats no longer even bothering to change out the years on their rinseandrepeat "policies" anymore? Unfortunately, one of the advisors chose that point to begin speaking. "My lord, in your great wisdom, I know you can see the importance of ensuring the military glory of Konolkhatep remains as eternal as yourself. For this reason, your humble council recommends" Horutep threw the scroll at him, and the wooden handle echoed off the advisor's skull with a satisfying thunk. "Get out, and take your mothbitten paper with you," Horutep growled. "Leave the scroll." The advisors scurried out, one of them doing his very best to keep back tears. Apparently, this was not how things were usually done in Kheterata. Horutep sat on his throne, stylus in hand it would seem that reforms were needed. There were no audiences for the rest of that day. When the advisors who were not concussed entered the throne room the next morning, they were greeted by Horutep, standing in front of his throne with scroll unfurled. He looked down on them, and began to speak. "Listen well, scribes. I am decreeing a reorganization of the legions. Its scope shall be as follows."
