Thissi's talons scraped against the rock as she waited. The scouting party had been gone for weeks; a little too long for a routine mission. The outer ranges never typically took that long to fly.  A flicker of movement caught her eye. Finally. Far off, silhouetted against the darkening sky, she saw them. Five harpies, sleek forms gliding in unison, wings slicing through the air in practiced grace. Release flooded Thissi's chest. though something about their approach gnawed at her. Something was off. Munnephe was unmistakable with her ginger feathers, but they didn't quite catch the dying light as they should. They looked dull, almost muted. And, as they neared, her eyes. had they always been that cold?  No. Thissi shook off the thought. Perhaps they had faced something that had hardened them. Such a thing seemed likely, what with the chaos and unease that had been flooding the surrounding lands as of late. "Munnephe," she greeted cautiously as the harpies landed without a word, "What did you find?"  "Nothing. The mountains are quiet." She sounded different. Flatter. More guttural?  "Quiet? The beasts have been moving south for months. Surely you saw something." Vymaukyre's gaze snapped towards them, unnervingly intense.  "We saw nothing. The land is empty." Thissi's heart began to race. Something was terribly, terribly wrong. She could feel it now, creeping over her skin like ice. Her sisters' eyes, their faces, the way they stood and spoke, the way they didn't so much as shift their wings as the freezing wind rushed past them.  "You're not yourselves." She whispered, more to herself than to them. Munnephe walked closer, clicking her tongue as if considering something.  "We are who we've always been." The words sounded wrong, like an echo of someone else's voice. Before she could move, the thing; because it wasn't her sister, it couldn't be; tilted her head. "Come, Thissi." The voice carried a twisted mockery of warmth. "The skies are ours again. We've returned."  From behind her, the call went out. Cheerful voices, warm and welcoming, rose up from the nest. Thissi couldn't move, her blood running cold. They were too close. If she moved, they would tear her apart before any alarm could be sounded. So she swallowed, and stepped aside, watching the things step past her into the fading light.
