The mages made their move during Hercel’s peroration, the point at which he came to his final, emotional appeal. Ginette was murmuring along with his words under her breath; they’d practiced this endlessly together, in a chamber with a whistling window cracked during one of the protests a few months ago. They’d halffrozen to death, their coats on the whole time, but it had kept them sharp, kept them working. This was important, this part – it was vital that they could prove what the mages had done, not merely purge them in the manner of a courtier fallen from favour. All of this – every judgement – needed to happen in view of the people.  One moment, Hercel was approaching the point of his most fullthroated denunciation; the next, he was in flames, and there was the low rumbling of an explosion from somewhere else in the courthouse, and everything was chaos. Later, Ginette would mull that they had probably chosen the moment of the speech precisely: the point at which Hercel had been arguing most passionately for the virtue of people’s rule, the point and promise of a guild of citizens. It was, she realised, a mockery.  In the moment she merely knelt over his body, until long after the mageflame had burned itself out, and stared at his terrible, burned corpse. They hadn’t known each other before this. They were distant colleagues at best, left to argue this case on behalf of government – volunteering. – because they both truly believed. In normal conversation, he did this annoying sniff every sentence and a half; it was unbearable. All that disappeared before the people’s court, just as her nasal, anxious tone acquired a note of deepness. It was the dignity of the state, the virtue of Pashaine flowing through them both.  The mages couldn’t understand that. They simply could not subordinate themselves to something greater. They had run for their fellows, for the only ones they respected; other mages – rather than face the judgement of the body politic.  She realised, with a hushed surprise, that she truly hated them.
