Tristan trudges through the empty streets. Alecan lies behind him, bundled in their ragged blankets, pulled along in their sledge, a wet cough forcing itself from his lungs every once in a while. They approach the frigid coast, stopping at a quiet patch of frosty grass overlooking the ocean, blessedly free of bodies and detritus.  "It's a good spot." Alecan whispers, breaking the silence. Tristan looks over, stepping closer into the dimming lamplight to nod, before beginning to unpack. He lights what remains of their icy tinder, cupping the smouldering flame until it gives way to something warmer, something brighter. Then, carefully, he props Alecan up against the hillside, lowering himself to sit alongside his companion, ignoring the sickly dampness of the hand he reaches out to grip.  "It's a good spot." Tristan agrees. Alecan shifts, reaching beneath the blankets to reveal a small metal flask. Tristan starts, accepting the gift with shaky hands, unscrewing the lid and enjoying the scent of the alcohol within. He takes a sip, passing it back to Alecan, who takes a swig of his own.  They pass their whiskey back and forth and turn to the sea, staring out. Later, they know, Alecan will succumb to his illness, and Tristan will be left to bury him in the frozen soil. Later still, Tristan will sit in front of the rough grave marker bearing both of their names, regaling the empty air with Alecan's favourite tales; of the Tourney of Grand Victory and the Battle of Trialmount; of the Dragonwake and the Dragonfall; of the end of the Age of Cinders, and a Jaddar that might have been. He will talk until the fire dies and his voice runs dry. Then, he will close his eyes and picture all the longlost colours of the day, until his mind slips away, the exposure sets in, and he joins the rest of the world in cold, cold sleep. He will hope Alecan stayed with him, and listened until the end.  But for now, right now, Tristan leans against Alecan, their touching arms and clasped hands lone points of heat in the brume, and they sit in the stillness and drink.
