The lord leans back against the throne. Representatives of the Khateshala and the Hydromancer's Guild had come before the lord with two versions of a draft for a petition, one that was to be sent to the Ravelian Rectorate. "The people do not comprehend - they do not believe in - the teachings of the Ravelians. If you wish for the populace to show their devotion, to offer their faith to Ravelianism, we must ensure that they feel as if the faith has ties to them, as if it represents them," spoke Sritiz, head of the Khateshala. "Our petition aims to do just that: If we were to have a Saint of our own, a Saint of our people, perhaps it would be easier to convince them of our new ways," Sritiz continued, before offering a nod to a hydromancer who stood to his right. Rykhsana, a well-studied chronicler and talented hydromancer, offered a respectful curtsy and elaborated: "I have - at the behest of the Khateshala - scoured our records for candidates for Sainthood and found two which might be suitable. Thus, as is only proper, we have come before you for both your blessing for the petition and for your decision regarding which candidate we should recommend to the Rectorate." 

The hydromancer paused, awaiting the lord's response. "A Saint of the Lizardfolk? - If you deem it necessary…" the lord gestured towards Sritiz, "then you shall have my blessing. Perhaps the Cannorians might consider this further evidence of our devotion. So then – who are these candidates?" the lord questioned, shifting attention towards Rykhsana.

Rykhsana, barely restraining her enthusiasm, eagerly offered the elaboration that the lord had requested: "The first candidate hearkens back to the Anzara Empire, 'The Anonymous of Karshyr', a hydromancer and chronicler that once graced the streets of our city, an individual of great selflessness whom we have to thank for many of the oldest chronicles within our archives - the history of our city."

"The second candidate would be Dzankot III Seabreaker, one of your predecessors, the Mage-King to whom we owe our freedom from Karassk. His highness' military victories and naval prowess are the basis for our city's entire existence ever since - without Dzankot III, it is highly doubtful that we would have ever been freed from Karassk's tyranny."
