Immarel applied the last finishing touches to the spell circle, as she called on some of her OAS assistants to drag the materials in. While on the outside she still displayed her usual stoic demeanour, on the inside the LadyMother of Winter was restless, brimming with a mix of anticipation, doubt, and excitement. When she had told the Everfrost Prince about this project, he had initially been hesitant; why wouldn't he? The Prince abhorred transmutation magic, seeing it as nothing more than an unnatural corruption of the world's natural order. And now his client wanted to go against his wishes for a vanity project? Immarel could understand his misgivings; but when she thought of the future, of metalskeletal soldiers marching in lockstep through the streets of Gemradcurt, a shield that would protect her realm forever, how could she back down?  The Everfrost Prince had acquiesced, eventually; after all, Immarel had already done so much for him; but he had given her an ominous warning before he left. Something about "learning the way of things" and "a rite of steel and bone"; Immarel paid it no mind. In fact, she had taken the latter name as the title for her new ritual, that would eventually massproduce an army of steel from deep within the LadyMother's Tower. "The Rite of Steel and Bone". Immarel smirked as she thought about how great this was going to turn out; this project seemed to bring some sort of inner child out in her, but she didn't care. This was going to be beautiful.  Finally, the instruments of life were collected around her, and the Rite was ready. Ordering her assistants to move out of the way, she raised her hands, magic energy swirling around her as she cast the spell. The room glowed blue as the circle activated.  .and then nothing happened. Immarel raised an eyebrow, then tried it again. And nothing happened. She checked over the circle, made a few tweaks where something might have gone wrong, then tried again. And nothing happened. She brought a new skeleton in. And nothing happened. She brought new steel ingots in. And nothing happened. She downed one or two shots of whiskey; to bolster her spirits, of course; and tried again. And nothing happened. And she got angry, and depressed, and tried again and again and nothing happened and nothing happened and nothing happened. One word rang through her brain on repeat. "Why?"  "Why? Why? Why? Why? Why?"
