The fire burned beneath Zinhakan’s eyes stronger than ever before. She knew they were losing. Every Xhazobine eventually lost, for there was no way to win as the Great Xhaz. You simply sacrificed and slaughtered and killed until all that was left was the sun itself. But she had wanted to destroy Kheterat. To enter the pyramid and devour their god, to go beyond what even the first Xhazobine accomplished. It would have been…  With her one good arm, Zinhakan clawed at her face once again, trying to reach the fires that burned beneath. She raised her gun arm and fired in the general direction of the distant, floating, glowing figure of Horutep. It ricocheted off a shield of golden light, demonfire bursting into a ring of flames around him. Zinhakan screamed in frustration. If she could not eat their god, she could at least strike down this messenger of his.  Horutep descended towards Zinhakan, deflecting gunshot after gunshot, demonic arm firing round after round, the golden arm of Horutep swatting each shot aside. Zinhakan knew she had lost, but that did not mean this thing had to win. She fired into the ground, unleashing a flurry of luminous green demonflame, obscuring the vision of Horutep, engulfing his golden shield of light in fire.  "Is this how you go out, demon? Blowing yourself up?" He swept the fire from out of his vision to gaze upon his scorched foe. All that was left was a burning pile of fur. He floated to the ground and dropped his golden light. A big mistake.  "Yes, but I’m taking you with me." Horutep span around and stared directly into the barrel of Zinhakan’s gun arm. The Gunpowder Xhazobine laughed, all skin ripped from her body, flame dancing across exposed muscle and sinew, metal woven with bone, her arm and body barely the shape of a gnoll at all. She let rip one final, devastating fireball.  The blinding eruption of light and flame illuminated the sky as though a second Day of Ashen Skies had hit Halann. A cloud of smoke rose up from the pit where the explosion had occurred, billowing out into a mushroom high above Akasik. The Xhazobine had disintegrated, leaving only the warped remains of her mutated arm protruding from the dirt. Beside it, frazzled and singed, lights flickering across his body, golden arm outstretched, his palm blackened in soot, but still very much alive, stood the new god of Khetism.
