Junior warlocks didn't often assist with rites of these kind, but Rzen had insisted on bringing Xivul along, and nobody had argued. She is the youngest name in a list of old ones. She hadn't even known where the pyre would be until they'd arrived. But she was chosen for a reason, she decides, and she won't be the reason this ritual fails.  So Xivul checks the circles thrice, just as she was taught. Everything is in its proper place; the salt undisturbed, the anchors reinforced, the runes cut deep and clean. She carefully pours her pouch of bone dust into the growing pile. She doesn't flinch when she walks into the fire. The pain is temporary. She is not today's sacrifice.  One by one, the harpies are cast into the flames. Xivul watches, feeling the pull beneath her skin strengthen with each offering. One catches her eye as it's torn from the arms of another, its mottled wings failing to catch the rising wind. She sees its hatred. She sees its fear. She sees it disappear into the hellfire, and its companion swiftly follows.  And then, in an instant, the crackling of the fires ceases.  "You call to me, supplicant." The world shifts, but Xivul holds firm. The voice isn't speaking to her, after all. "You come to beg for power, to claim dominion over mortal flesh and flame. But power is not given; it is bought with blood, with pain, with life." The words match the ancient texts, verbatim. She never thought she'd get to hear them herself.  "I demand strength, mortal. A river must flow from you to me. I will feed until I deem your meagre offerings enough. And know this: should you falter, your flesh will be my feast, your soul my toy for eternity."  "Bring me the blood of a thousand thousand souls. Only then will my favour be yours."  All of a sudden, the beryl flames roar back to life. In the distance, the sky changes to match, lit by a hundred pyres built across the mountains. Xivul knows the Xhazobaintobe waits at one of them. Perhaps, she thinks, as the Xhazob's final question echoes through the waste, she'd get to meet him one day.
