After one of the most complex secret missions ever undertaken in Orlghelovar, our spies have managed to infiltrate the Command and detect korashi being transported to the front lines of Haless in great caravan lines. These caravans are defended by thousands of heavily armoured hobgoblins; these guards will not be caught slacking off or deserting their duties. Even worse, they depart at apparently random times, and they're always combined with caravans carrying spoils of war, precious metals or other valuables. Determining korashi caravans from regular supply lines is difficult enough, let alone predicting the time of future korashi deliveries. Instead, we waited for a sufficiently large rebellion against the Command, one which would necessitate a large amount of korashi. They cannot afford sparse deliveries in such a situation and will need a constant supply, and thus near constant caravans of korashi. Our spies have just now informed us that just such a rebellion is threatening to arise on the edges of the Command's borders, and that they are already moving more korashi in preparation.  To assault the korashi caravans, a legion of our finest soldiers stands at the ready, already briefed and having been preparing for this operation for months. They will follow the Dwarvorod as far as they can, disguised as a supply shipment, before crossing into hobgoblin land and evading their diligent patrols as best they can until they reach the Shamakhad. Their target is a mountain pass that the hobgoblins often use to conceal their korashi deliveries from the surrounding area. This mountain will be used against them, acting as a chokepoint and allowing our army to wipe out their guards and take the korashi.  If the Command uncovers our involvement in this raid, they will declare war on us without hesitation. Only our most loyal soldiers have been chosen for the operation, and mercenaries are out of the questions owing to their variable loyalties. Our soldiers bear no insignia and wear plain uniforms in Raheni style, concealing their affiliation with us. Unfortunately, concealing our soldiers' dwarven nature is much harder. Fighting the Command on stilts to imitate humans is obviously impossible, so luckily we have scapegoats in Haless itself. Near enough all of Haless desires korashi and detests the Command, and many dwarves from the Tree of Stone and the Jade Mines fled to Haless when their holds fell. The Command will naturally suspect these dwarven minorities, supported by the mountain king of Verkal Ozovar or even the exilarch of Grozumdihr, of carrying out the attack. The Command's retribution against them is likely to be brutal, but our brethren must suffer for the sake of science.
