They were few at first: a single explorer, an Adrien yen Terhr, then small groups, and after that an unstoppable wave of settlers all across the region. The Adbrabohvi priests denied access to some, the alarmed lord of Arverynn summoned their Veykodan mercenaries when facing others. and yet all our lord could see was an opportunity. "The years of diplomacy, intrigue and battle bear their fruits, your majesty. The Krahnorians are here" They were dangerous, sure. The Epednar, ever the lords of the Expanse, had been challenged by these Krahnorians, and so were the Veykodans and even the Cursed Ones. Yet they brought such blessings when you knew where to pull and where to give, who to support and who to keep away. "Send them in, Valdaran. We are ready" And in they came, one after the other: dozens of banners and flags, from small companies to large adventuring states, all had come to the call of our lord of the Ynn. They bore many gifts: gunpowder weaponry, Krahnorianstyle clothes made of silk, the banner of Vels Bacar represented with Krahnorian motifs and innumerable offers of future services. All to gain our lord’s favor, and the goodwill of the Bacarans. It was at the end of the banquet that our lord called for the attention of the Krahnorians and their Iosahars alike, clearing their voice: "Let it be known that I, our lord, with the support of the Panykorun, grant the Krahnorians present here and their associates and colleagues the right to settle in Epadobnn, on the west side of the Holy Ynn next to the capital. They shall elect a representative who may bring any issues to the Panykorun on the third day after the new moon, and every two weeks onwards. All who settle in Epadobnn will be treated as any other subject in the lordship of Vels Bacar, with the same duties and the same rights, and will be subject to the Sarda code of law." Many iosahars would be displeased, and even more Krahnorians would be angered at having to follow their laws, but they would follow their will and that of the majority of the Panykorun, for it was the will of all the Ynn.
