Long ago, three islands were once one. On this island lived the fisherman Kaimana Mano, who lived a simple life in a powerful tribe, bringing forth the bounty of the sea to feed his countrymen. Kaimana Mano was simple, and he had simple pleasures: his favorite thing to do was walk along the beach, and display the things he found as treasures of the sea. The sea saw him do this all the while, and one day it decided to give him a true treasure besides seashells and driftwood. So as Kaimana Mano walked along the sea, in one of the tidepools he saw a great club, made of wood but with the heft of iron. It had holes in it, but through these holes the sweet sound of the ocean whistled. When Kaimana Mano picked the club up, he heard this sound.  From that day forward he knew the deepest secrets of Wavesong, and he left his life as a fisherman to become a wandering hero all about Kanolowele, slaying monsters and forging peace from war. One day, he grew tired of his travels and sang his ship towards home, where he was received warmly by the tribe chief, next to whom stood the most beautiful woman in Kanolowele. That woman was the daughter of the chief, and she and Kaimana Mano were quickly inseparable. After a period of courtship he asked for her hand in marriage, and all she could say was yes.  But at their wedding feast, evildoers who feared the politics of their union poisoned Kaimana Mano’s wine. They did not foresee that he would swap cups with his wife as in tradition, and she drank the poisoned wine and died. Now the plotters were faced with the terrible rage they sought to avoid by poisoning Kaimana Mano. He stalked the island for a year and a day until each of the conspirators was dead, and then he lifted his club, and with a powerful swing he broke the island as his own union was broken. Kaimana Mano still was not satisfied, and he walked into the water and declared his intention to hunt evildoers forever more. The sweet sound of the ocean heard him again and Kaimana Mano’s form began to twist, until he swam off into the sea as the first shark.
