The great hall in Meworetiketema is sweltering, the heat of hundreds mixing with the sun pounding down through the skylights in the hall's dome. The council has been going for hours at this point, an endless back and forth between the petty factions of the realm, merchants and nobles demanding recompense for lands lost; as though they have been the ones to suffer.  The hypocrisy of it all makes Mlima feel sick, and she shifts, already uncomfortable in her tight wrap, instincts urging her to shed it in favor of her feathers. Another hour passes before a lull presents itself and she steps forward, the steward announcing that Mlima Ishimwe, Vitaragomo of Life Watching Eagle, has the floor. The room quiets and she begins to speak.  "For generations, we have mistaken passivity for strength. Ibekisedara has fortified the walls of Mengamsipe and called it virtue, naming themselves the defenders of Madrimalak. Look where that has got us. The land is filled with ruin and death, villages burned and people slaughtered while we sat in that fortress. If we continue to sit and defend, evil will continue to flourish until Yrilak stands triumphant."  "The time has come for change. If we are to protect the innocent, to protect Amilak's order, then we must be willing to act, not merely endure. Just across the pass true evil gathers. The stories of the refugees we helped have sickened further of late, turning from the usual tales of war to something far darker. Under Kuende's reign, entire villages vanish overnight and the land grows dark with unnatural shadows. If we allow this to fester, we will have a second shadow swamp on our border, a second fortress of Yrilak. Is that something we will abide? Are we going to watch as the world plunges into darkness, or will we carry judgment to those who would prey upon the defenseless?"  The hall fills with approving murmurs, even a few shouts of approval issuing from the Semayebaka, and our ruler locks eyes with Mlima. They stare at each other for a long moment before he nods, and she breathes a quiet sigh of relief.
