In truth, the morning smoke had always given Kairete a headache. In her first years as an acolyte, her cell had directly overlooked one of the Greeting Courtyards, where those who had pledged their lives to the temple would await the sun on the days when they were not leading public prayer. She would doze off in the dead of night and wake with her temples throbbing, choking on the smell. She considered it powerful evidence for her iron discipline that she hadn’t fucked off to run a winery.  Even now she was used to being held in cheerful contempt by the true holinesses of the Vacyntassi high temples. Kairete was a mundane woman, her mind firmly closed to the higher mysteries. She had been shoved sideways again and again into rote administrative positions, until she found herself High Bursar, Grand Vizier of the account books, SheWhoSaysNoToANewSolarium.  The second the harpies had made it over the city walls, the real priests had fled into their chambers and left her to negotiate with the occupation.  "Well, you might as well level the city if you do that," she said, massaging her forehead.  The general blinked at her. "I’m sorry?"  Kairete sighed. "Incense tax revenue is kept by the temples, because it’s lucrative and funds them. It’s the basis of my budget. It also has religious importance. You’d be pissing off the venal and the zealous all at once, and for the first time in several hundred years you’d unite the merchants with the priests. Stupid."  The harpy general seemed to regard her. "It would benefit you to show more respect."  Kairete scoffed. "I spend all of my time arguing with the most ancient elven priesthood in Bulwar. You represent at most the fourth biggest ego in this building. Without me, you will spend weeks trying to resolve accounts with senile eremites who last worried about how breakfast gets onto the table over a century ago. Take my advice or don’t, imprison me or don’t, kill me or don’t." She reached for another thick tome, dropping it onto the table with a loud bang.  "Now, property distribution. Ready?"  The general blinked, then coughed a laugh. "Yes, auntie."
