The storm raged as Ranjan and his comrades moved through the country. Ranjan had to hold his hat fast against his head, lest it be thrown into the wind, and the drumming of the rain felt as if it threatened to tear him apart. It was undeniable that this weather was the best to travel in. Every step was agony, but the real threat was from the sky, and no garrisonharpy was skilled or determined enough to brave the storm. So they walked, barely able to see 5 feet in front of their faces, barely able to raise their weapons should the need arise.  The man in front of Ranjan, Chanda, momentarily checked on his comrade before turning back. The lightning hadn't started yet, but even if it did, they would need to continue regardless. Rebelling against an enemy that had neartotal domination of the sky was a most difficult endeavour; but, contrary to what they had all expected, they had run into unthinkable success. By his count, they'd wiped out 3 patrols in the past month, alongside a good amount of property damage, the "necessary" requisitioning of supplies from their harpy oppressors, and enough disruption in the local area to raise notice. Their goal originally had been merely to prove that the harpies were not invincible, so that their families might push back against the imperial talon, that they might eventually regain their sense of power, but as they gained success after success, Ranjan and his comrades had realised that they might be the spark behind something even greater.  As a particularly harsh round of rain pounded against Ranjan's hat, a flash of blue light blinded the rebel, as lightning obliterated a tree perhaps 200 meters to the northwest of where they were, judging by the sound. As the flash gradually cleared and Ranjan regained his limited sight, he realised he couldn't see Chanda anymore. When he rubbed at his eyes to try and clear his sight, he nearly lost his hat. And when he realised that Chandra was really gone, and there was no fault on his eyes, another lightning bolt rocked his ears, striking the ground not 10 meters behind him. And when he looked behind him and saw that the woman who had been following him was gone too, he realised that it was already over; Ranjan turned away from the column, dropped his pack and weapon, and ran.  He only made it a hundred meters or so before he tripped, falling face first into the mud. He tried to scramble up and ended up falling on his back, the rain pounding on his face, clearing away the dirt and grime and tears. Ranjan went limp, and gave up. He watched idly as a harpy, clad in stormblack armour, descended on him, her talons sinking into his body. The harpy stood over the rebel, readied her spear, and thrust it into Ranjan's heart. He barely had time to register the act before he was dead. The Chorsekhu drew back her spear, turned, and flew back into the storm.
