Horutep approached the patch of desert with his retinue. Today, they consisted of bearers of each of the Djinn artifacts collected by Konolkhatep, along with two hundred and sixteen of the planetouched. All present had been selected from volunteers among the unmarried and childless.  The party was weary, but as they approached, they began going about their tasks with a new vigor. Horutep stood in the middle of the circle, and the artifacts some simmering with the appearance of the arcane, some appearing completely mundane, but all able to level cities were arranged around Horutep in exactly the order that had been prescribed by the mages. As the bearers of the artifacts stood by, Horutep watched the two hundred and sixteen in silken robes arrange themselves in a circle around him. As Horutep looked further, he saw that each of the planetouched in his field of view was focusing upon him: the ritual had begun. At that moment, the geometry around Horutep began to shift.  If the six elemental planes had been parallel to each other before, it was as though they began to tilt across some unseeable dimension. As the air around him became water and the sand began to die, Horutep reflected on what his scholars had told him: it is only parallel planes that do not intersect. As the focal point began to coalesce, a wave of fire emerged from Horutep’s very center, and spread outwards to the very edge of the horizon. The luckiest of the planetouched died then. As the unlucky burned, none of them cried out: they were too well trained to risk disturbing the focus of their neighbors, if indeed either was still alive. At this point, Horutep could no longer keep track of each wave of elements the pain grew to be too much. Horutep knew death was in the earthen air, and began to wish on all the Khet it would claim him too, if only to spare him one more moment at the intersection  Horutep crashed to the ground. Had he been levitating? As he lay on the sand, Horutep felt a weight at his core, and knew that within was the power of all six of the planes and more besides. Horutep gazed around him, and saw lakes of glass and trees of stone and everywhere dead planetouched, and on the horizon he saw the caravan he had appointed (Years? Hours? Days ago?)  to take him away once the ritual was finished. He waved a paw on the horizon to flag them, and for an imperceptible moment six paws appeared to follow him.
