Mitrenya had never known her mother, and her father was entirely absent. Still, she was one of the lucky ones; far too many of his scions had been wholly abandoned. She, at least, could share with me. We stood at either side of the bed, clutching one of my mother's hands each. Her eyes were closed, but she still breathed, still whispered gentle reassurances as we fought to keep from breaking down.  ".I don't know what to do, mama," I choked out, gripping the hand ever so harder.  "What do you mean, sweetling?" Her voice was soft, and calm. Completely unlike her.  "When you're gone, I won't I don't want to" The tears came, then, flooding down my cheeks. Distantly, I heard Mitrenya smother a sob of her own.  "Oh, Varynna. Everything dies. It's just what happens after enough time. Not even the empire could outlast it." She paused, opening her eyes to look between myself and Mitrenya. "And I had you both, didn't I? I lived, and I loved, and I was loved. I'll die, but I'll still have loved, and I'll still be loved. Isn't that just the same as living?"  "But you won't be here." Mitrenya yelled, startling the room. My gaze caught hers, and I reeled back, shocked at the fear I sawat the desperation. "You'll be gone, and we'll be on our own, and it won't matter that we loved you because you" She cut herself off with an anguished cry.  "Of course it matters, little wolf. You both are proof that it does." Mother rasped, her voice beginning to fail her. We tried to quiet ourselves. "The sun will still rise, and the Ynn will still flow, and you'll still live, and remember me, and so I'll still live, too. And you won't be alone, even after I've gone, cub." She smiled, closing her eyes again. "You'll have Varynna, and she'll have you."  In Vels Fadhecai, two girls watched a wooden barge begin its journey down the river, joined by an aged spymaster and a man with a needlepoint blade. It crossed into the Niz Velsynn, past Stenurynn and Selocshana and Vels Domfan, before the priests at Adbrabhovi allowed it to tumble down the Divine Waterfall.
