Initially the Katelli, as the inhabitants of the city of Katelperai called themselves, appeared confused by our sudden arrival, but they are clearly a city of thinkers and philosophers not unlike those found in distant Rahen – their curiosity quickly overcame their shock, and we were soon eagerly exchanging tales of our lands.  They told us of the history of their land, "Taychend", of its great cities, glorious empires, heroic warlords – but even as they spoke with pride, their words described chaos, collapse, bloody, constant violence. Slavery – and from our numerous in depth discussions with those slaves, it seems to take many intractable forms – is rampant, and they say that the Taychendi fight constant ritual battles, "Periyodhai", amongst themselves, a constant exposure to violence that continues even when one of their transitory empires arises. They make excuse after excuse, but even as they speak of how the elation of battlevictory is shared by all, of brilliant tales of heroes and villains and epic struggles, we can see the truth. Since the Ruin, Taychend has been captured by the Malevolent Dark.  Beyond this ‘Taychend’, the Taychendi have talked of an assortment of bloodthirsty and chaosloving nomadic raiders, and even further, at the edge of the continent, a host of godless city states, ruled by avaricious merchants, petty aristocrats or ruthless career soldiers. Though these "Kheionai" profess to follow order, tales of their great naval wars and constant squabbling amongst each other in the ephemeral chase for fleeting hegemony abound – and one of their number, the one they call "Laskaris", has even in recent times conquered deep into Taychend.  We did not expect to come here as conquerors – but it has become clear to Ecaris and his council that this land is in the grip of the Malevolent Dark. We have tried talking sense to them – but they do not listen, and have begun to call us "Interlopers" behind our backs. How could we abandon these people, when they seem incapable of saving themselves? We are Exemplars – it is our divinely ordained duty to bring Suraels Light to Zenzarkand and chase the Darkness from these shores.
