Norimbur Glassbeard sits on a comfortable bed, surrounded by doctors and journalists in protective gear. His resolve to prove his theory by experimenting on himself won over the Enlightened 10, and they sent diplomats all over Halann to publicise this great feat of Orlghelovarian heroism. It seems that all the world is waiting for the results of this final study, and many nations have sent journalists to document the whole process. Five hours ago he ingested the Rot blothgoblins he cultured from the Serpent's corpse and aside from some nausea from the repulsive mixture he feels completely normal. As the head doctor begins drawing blood for the hourly test, Glassbeard notes that his throat and neck have begun to itch. The application of a topical cream does nothing to abate the itching and an angry red rash quickly spreads across his body. The doctors are in favour of giving him the cure now, but he insists on waiting longer; the more symptoms of the Rot he presents, the more credible his theory is. Exactly seven hours and 18 minutes after ingestion, he vomits a mixture of blood and ale. His condition rapidly worsens and he is seized by tremors and stabbing pains across his chest. Finally, after almost two more hours of agony, he consents to receive the cure intravenously. Just as expected, his condition rapidly improves and at the fourteen hour mark the head doctor declares his condition is now stable.  Two weeks later, Glassbeard is present before the Enlightened 10 to receive his reward. For his selfless determination and scientific spirit he is named a member of the council and head of a new field of science; the study of blothgoblins. He has almost completely recovered aside from some lasting discoloration to his face and weakness of the legs. As he had expected, the samples of his blood contained increasing numbers of Rot blothgoblins up until the cure was taken, whereupon they rapidly decreased. As of last week the Rot blothgoblins are no longer present in his blood and he was declared noncontagious. His daring study caused quite a stir and a flurry of research. Already several other types of blothgoblins have been identified as the cause of various ailments, and surprisingly the Serpent's cure has proven to be effective in eradicating some of these too. It appears that the Pristine Fungus produces a substance capable of preventing some blothgoblins from reproducing, so great farms have been set up to mass produce this substance for medical use. The doctors of Orlghelovar are now renowned for their knowledge and care and the Centre of Dwarven Medicine has opened an expensive clinic to study new diseases in living dwarves. The unscientific assumptions surrounding diseases have been eradicated once and for all, as hopefully all diseases will be.
