Disturbed from their rest, the ruler wears the thunderous expression on their face only present on those still suffering from last night's hangover. As they enter the council hall, the disturbee, clad in finery and with an air of power only afforded by one of the nation's greatest mages, wordlessly tosses a stick like object at the ruler. As the ruler fumbles it out of the air, the stick seems to shudder and morph midair, alternating between poleaxe, spear, and more as it finally settles into the shape of a lance in their hand. The negative expression on their face evaporates in an instant, as they finally realize what has happened. "The weapon then, it is done?" they exclaim. "Yes," the mage responds. "The weapon, as you call it, is finished. Forged and warded by magic to be incredibly strong and able to transform into one of a few configurations." The ruler, barely listening, rushes out of the room. "Get my riding gear," they shout, as the castle bursts into activity. Later, an expanding group of generals, advisors, and confidants watches as the ruler rides down yet another hapless block of hay. The bale explodes with some force as the lance impacts, as pieces of hay fly back from a small burst of magical energy. As the ruler adjusts their grip, the head of the lance subtly shifts into a sweeping edge, which they use to decapitate several more hay blocks without losing a beat. "I hope they know that this thing will run out of energy soon," someone mutters from the crowd. And indeed, the lance seems to almost fade by a few grades, settling back into the form of a long stick as the ruler wheels back around. "How long until we can make more of these things." The ruler whoops as the crowd shies back. It would have to be recharged periodically with magical energy and certainly was not even near what the precursors had accomplished with the legendary Calindal, but three years of effort and collaboration had finally yielded a weapon worthy of the knightkings of Adenica.
