Rakzak stared at the map, her lips curled into an unconscious snarl that revealed her fangs. The whole Dreadmire was in open revolt, a gnollish invasion unseen in centuries. The Xhazobkult, long considered a relic of a dark past, now threatened to destroy not just Daravan's Folly but warpacks were reported raiding deep into the surrounding provinces and a great host was marching toward Businor, the heartlands of Igraxraak. The settlers, loyal guards and everyone captured by these packs are already either enslaved to the war effort, or being sacrificed to the Xhaz. Even here in the Borders, firelight would flicker and sputter a sickly green, blown by an unseen ill wind.  They had created this threat themselves, Rakzak thought bitterly. The rebellion had struck fast, and with every village and fortification became better equipped and more convinced of victory. She had the royal guard of Igraxraak, but their numbers were few by comparison. They had sent missives to the human packs, requesting aid in stopping this threat, but so far nothing. Rakzak couldn't blame them though. In a dark part of her mind she began to think, she understood why her ancestors had been hunted into the hills.  "Commander."  The shout brought her out of her thoughts and she grabbed her sword and bounded outside ready for a fight. What she was less prepared for was an aged human in gleaming plate armor riding up to her tent at an amiable pace, twirling his quite prestigious mustache.  "Ah good, it seems we are not late. Sorry for not sending ahead, I do so love a dramatic entrance."  Kanxer gave a barking yip of a laugh, walking up to the man. Straightening to her full height she reached up to clasp arms with the old knight. "You are most welcome. How many come with you?"  "Oh odds and ends from all over Cannor. You know, I used to sail the seas, hunting through ancient temples and riling up the cultists into a murderous frenzy. Now I am staying home, and they are coming to me. Such convenience."  Kanxer felt more at ease now, looking to the east with rising murder in her eyes.
