"...and we will go our own way. There's enough stuff here for everyone, but none of it is worth anyone's lives, don't you think?" The orcs don't seem to calm down, but their leader almost imperceptibly loosens his grip on his axe. Elgek puffs, arms still frozen in a non-threatening shrug. The peace is momentarily threatened with the chieftain's arm rising, but the tension dissipates once he uses the axe to signal his band to follow him to a different area. Elgek breathes a sigh of relief that almost turns into a whistle. "Hounds! You have until the sun sets, grab what you want first and what you can second, then we move out."

Hours pass. Elgek sits, back bent, on the fountain in the town square, watching his clan loot this Dostanorian has-been city. A tinge of regret in his thoughts is quickly painted over by the barking of his trusty ride. Someone is quickly running over to him. "Boss! Sorry, lord! Look!" It's Zezzuk, holding a... thin brick. What is that, actually?

"I know 'Grab What You Can' is a tall order, Zezzuk, but you don't have to bring absolutely everything with you." "But boss... Sorry, lord! There's pictures in here, nice ones." He holds up the strange thing for Elgek to see. There sure are pictures in there. Nice ones. "Of course there's pictures, Zezzuk, this is called a book! Pictures are what's in books!" "Pretty horsie..." He doesn't react and keeps pointing at individual drawings. Elgek relents and looks at the horsie. Pretty. "What does it say here, boss?" "Here? Uhh, let's see..." He squints as hard as he can. Zezzuk holds his breath, but after a minute of silence, his lungs give out and he gasps for air. Elgek successfully defends against the pull of a smirk. "I will tell you later, now give it here."

It's not the horsie, but what's on it that's grabbed his attention. The armored rider looks majestic. Would look better on a spider though. Or a dog. Now, that would be... "Spectacular. We need to learn more about those. Maybe... Find someone who can read it? Somewhere deep in Escann, he knows they're hiding. Will he ever know? Will always be a mystery..."
