The long dark shadow of FilenvaloftheSouthSide is cast on the Great River as the sun crests the horizon to a misty morning. From across on the far side of the left bank ring clear and bright the sounds of bells and voices, the city waking to a fresh day. Our lord gazes beyond the hundreds of floodgates, towers and walkways that line and cross the Great Dam of Vels Bacar, searching in the far southern reaches of the main arched pathway for signs of people. Out of the statue's shade approaches a small party bearing banners of lightest blue, wearing shining scaled armour and curved swords astride slender and graceful Sarda antler horses. The rising sun and the stretching winds lighten the heavy mists, which swirl up around the converging parties, fluttering flags both grey and blue as it rises in chokes to wind around the faces of the guarding brothers before fading into the skies. "Hail watchers of the Crossing" calls our lord, "Long days have passed ere I last rode south to your great city, fairer and bolder do rise the foundations of the Great Dam, most joyful this is to witness." The Lord of Vels Bacar bows, "Hail Lord of our realm and my oathbearer. The joy in the restoration of our Dam is greatest in our family, and yet more joy is brought by the visit of so respected a lord. Yet I must be prudent, and as Jurion I must be honest, why is it that you have come south so far to speak with me? Surely was it truly the Dam you were to witness; I should not have been called to meet you in so secluded a company." Our lord’s cold features break into a soft smile. "Well known is the justice, fairness, kindness, and honesty of the House yen Bacar, and better still have you at this moment proved tales as true and steeled my choice." Out of their plain yet wellarmoured robe they pulls out a decorated scroll, carrying the seals of all noble houses of Brelar, and hands it to the Bacaran Lord for reading. "Tell me your answer, Lord of Vels Bacar and descendant to Jurion who bore the title Rogaispodhan, will your kin join us to lead this River to unity once more?"
