The UotD has in all its years of existence shaped many students to become geniuses in a myriad of fields. From engineers who make crazy inventions which confuse even the most well learned technician to the creation of completely new economic models like Physicocratic Theory, which marries the importance of agriculture and the value of the ground with the wellbeing of a state. Other advances are made in fields like archaeology or more importantly for Plumstead: agriculture. There is no other place in the world where more new crops and breeds are invented each year than Plumstead. Agriculture is to the UotD not just something which gives people food, it is a field of science which is to be fully explored and mapped. Just a few examples of the latest inventions are:  The Carousel A spinning platform with seatings in the shape of horses, wagons, luxurious carriages and even a donkey and a pig with a clown on top which form a motley parade that goes round and round. And while it spins, it automatically plays a carnivalesque tune to lighten the mood. Perfect for the entertainment of children or foreign dignitaries.  Endura Reins The Endura Reins are born out of the frustration of one particular student who constantly fell off his horse when he had to take long trips from home to the UotD and back. The endura reins not only strap in the rider more tightly, it also allows the rider to automatically move the reins to steer a horse or have it go quicker or slower without having to use any muscle strength at all. The reins also come equipped with an auto food or snack dispenser for the horse, so they also get an advantage out of it.  Everlasting Fertilizer When Florian Halter was young, he worked on the farm of his uncle. And the one problem his uncle always feared was soil degradation. Later, Florian would make it his mission to end this fear for every farmer by inventing a special artificed granule which would constantly feed nutrients into the soil without degrading over time. While expensive, this granule is revolutionary as it not only prevents soil degradation, but also allows us to plant farms in infertile ground.
