"Come on, from here to the skytavern at Marad. You can do it relay if you want." Tafne found themselves staring as ever at Hani’s enormous shock of hair, coils descending past her waist. When the two of them flew together, Hani bound it roughly with a band, but the wind still caught it everywhere.  "Wings versus magic is ridiculous," Taf said, picking at an awkward feather with their talon. "You can just juice it and win. Or you throttle yourself and it’s pointless."  "Then ride with me." Hani had that look in her eye again. Daring.  "Absolutely not, I hate those things. I could just carry you." Hani laughed. "If you want my mother to shoot you out of the sky, sure."  In the end they did as they always did, Taf keeping an idle gliding pace while Hani stretched out on her carpet. Hani had been flying since she was a child, and the magic was second nature, but that didn’t stop Taf from starting slightly every time Hani peered over the side or abruptly dropped a few metres.  They flew for a good hour over Hani’s mother’s land, an intensely cultivated strip of green with a great scrubland at its back. The scrubland was no less carefully managed; only from on high could you see the endless, quasihexagonal pattern in which the khadit trees had been planted. They wept a sweet pink sap which the grovers allowed to harden in the sun; it was a popular candy.  For all that Taf fretted, their eyes flittering from the heiress to the ground and back, this was Hani’s little queendom. Rolling hills that to others were indistinguishable were landmarks for her; she flew and dove and roamed this place, refining her strange, runabout magic. She was a haughty, nouveauriche little shit who felt at home everywhere she walked. This included the houses of her mother’s workers, whom she knew largely by name; an achievement, given there were over a hundred of them. With the march of years she had become something like a mascot, a roaming demon of the farms.  They settled on the roof of a small grover’s cottage, the terracotta warm under the afternoon sun. Taf waited a polite twenty seconds.  "We still have to go over nomenclature." Hani had closed her eyes and was showing all of the classic signs of ignoring them completely, so Taf grabbed her carpet and sat on it.  "For the purposes of the event, you are " Taf’s mouth twisted at the translation, but it was the closest possible; "a niece. Please recite how you would refer to aunts of orders one through eight."  The heiress gave a longsuffering sigh, and began.
