Perhaps one of the biggest rivalries in Escann was that between clan Venomtooth and the Sons of Dameria. Aadga Venomtooth and Rogier "the Exile" Silmuna saw in each other what they despised both about their opposing societies. To Aadga, Rogier represented the decadent and mythobsessed humans who fought for ideals and ancient claims instead of using their strength to assert their right to rule. To Rogier, Aadga represented the brutality of a realm built on the belief that might makes right and practiced slavery, an abhorrent practice to any proud Damerian.  But after countless wars and skirmishes, their conflict was finally over. Aadga had Tristan and Rogier taken to her personal torture chamber, where she spent countless nights testing different poisons on goblins and traitors. The lovers were strapped to two separate chairs as Aadga prepared the daggers. She made sure to coat them both in one of the slower poisons.  She walked towards them and said, "Your people are now slaves to the strong and your precious Dameria will forever remain a fantasy. So I now give you a choice. If one of you volunteers, I will kill the volunteer and let the other one go. Any volunteers?"  Tristan looked at Rogier and saw the pleading eyes of the man he loved. He knew Rogier would not accept it, but he had to protect Rogier as Dameria depended on him. Tristan looked at Aadga with determination and announced, "I volunteer."  Aadga was caught offguard. She approached Tristan and nicked him with her dagger. Almost immediately, Tristan felt searing pain through his blood. His body was in extreme agony, but he gritted his teeth and bared it. He looked at Rogier and said, "My love, I regret nothing. If my sacrifice means you are set free, it is well worth it."  After several agonizing minutes, Tristan finally died. Rogier finally let the tears fall that he had been holding back. Everything he loved was taken from him, his father, his brothers, his sister, and now Tristan.  Aadga cut Rogier’s ropes before nicking him with the dagger. "I said you’d be free to go, not that you’d live."
