Across the nation it was clear that the silent war had been won. Or perhaps lost for the one who stood, the closest an angel could be to morosity, on the capital's parapets. Across pamphlets, books and coffee shops it was clear that the Badak people felt that she was a more malign influence, even unintentionally, and that the promise of their future was best fulfilled solely by their own hands. She was hamstrung by her own decision to not actively fight back, but she felt that such a choice would have been a sure path to her imposing even without intent.  No, it was clear that it was best for her to depart. Given the nature of their disagreements it was hardly as if those who’d acted against her would undo all the good she’d brought about; that they’d hound those who had acceded to her wisdom. Badakhan would still be in good hands and it would still be a nation she’d be proud to watch, even if only from above. Perhaps avoiding her negligence there would be better for her, too.  But first, a visit was owed, to give homage to the victors. And so she flew.  They had gathered in that Khugsroad manor once, their toasts in much higher spirits and their congratulations to each well earned, Amriel felt. So she took her time to speak to them all individually. Congratulating them for arguments well made and conceding that she might be wrong, in this instance at least. That the conditions were different, that the time was not right, when the Badak people still had so much to do by their own merits alone.  As she left, she thought still about how many had thanked her despite everything. That they had been foes on this field of struggle and yet how her very existence and intervention had helped them, crystalised what it meant for them to be a Badak citizen where others might have subjects or serfs. How her absence in their conceptualisations still owed itself a great deal to her and the aid she had brought with her when she came.  As she flew and continued to go up, it was hard not to bask in the sky as she did so. For it was a bright sunny day and the sun continued to shine upon her, upon those she had been challenged by, upon her task and upon all of Badakhan and indeed Halann.
