To crush the artificer cartels thoroughly and completely, knowledge of their inner workings and organisation structure was necessary. At first, the scientists we knew to be affected by the cartel were reluctant to speak to us, still fearful of retribution. Luckily, we can manipulate them as well as the cartels had; with promises of new research grants and promotions they quickly broke and confessed all they knew. In particular, Gram Glassgrinder provided us with the location of the branch housing the ringleaders and blueprints for their improvised defensive mechanisms in exchange for only our promise to retrieve his magnification prototype. Using this and other knowledge gleaned from their victims, we positioned small detachments of elite soldiers outside every artificer branch we knew to have ties to the extorting cartels. At dawn, we struck; moving swiftly we apprehended the leaders of each society and pacified the members with little resistance, allowing them no time to use their adhoc defensive contraptions and without spilling a drop of blood.  What we found within was staggering; evidence of not only a coordinated and extremely profitable extortion operation targeting hundreds of our scientists, but plans to stage an open rebellion and wrest control of state research from the Enlightened 10. Once all those indicted by this evidence were safely on their way to our jails, we kept our promises and began restoring the cartel's victims to the newly vacant positions. Without Gram Glassgrinder's information we could not have completed this operation bloodlessly, and accordingly we kept our promise with him too and allowed him a personal detachment of guards to search for his stolen invention. It was quickly found being used as a paperweight on the desk of a longtime rival of Glassgrinder's and returned to him mostly intact. Now he asks only that we grant him time to finish refining his invention, which he has named a "microscope", and we are all too happy to oblige.
