"When I first came upon Ardent Keep, it was a pile of rubble. The iconic Silver Citadel had been entirely caved in as smoldering ashes could still be found around the remnants of the old castle town. Ardent Keep was never an especially important city. Even before the Greentide, it was decaying, surpassed by Westgate and Southgate. Nevertheless, it stood as a great reminder of how far Escann had fallen.  Now as I entered the streets, it was a prominent sign of the new age. While the Silver Citadel still laid in ruins, the walls have been rebuilt to the level it was before the Greentide. Houses in the town were repaired and the place was liveable. Merchants came into the city from different parts of Clouded Eye to trade for goods while craftsmen set up forges and workshops in the city. A carpenter talked with a mason about the new construction standards while a blacksmith inspected some armor salvaged from Castellyrian ruins.  I walked up to the base of the new manor built in the center of town, after having cleared up the old town hall and slums that were built around it. While it was no palace, it’d make do. Around the manor, there was empty land that was set aside for expansion of the manor.  Walking into the manor, I saw several bureaucrats running around and setting things up. Court officials carried scrolls, old books, and even a new seal with the symbol of the Clouded Eye on it.  I entered my new throne room and saw the light shining in from the windows. Above the throne was a banner displaying our clan symbol, the crest of an axe cutting an oak tree, and embedded in the wall was a brilliant opal gem. Tapestries weaved by our finest weavers displayed events in Clouded Eye’s history. Grama receiving her vision, the Battle of Rottenstep, the ascension of Corin, myself becoming the chieftain of Clouded Eye, and the settling of Ardent Keep.  There was still a long ways to go, but for now, Ardent Keep was a symbol. A symbol of rebirth and the Dawn of Clouded Eye."  Arosha Oakbreaker, The Life of Corin’s ork Disciple, Volume 3, Chapter 10: The New Capital
