Having heard of Aakhet shapeshifting and assuming various human forms, the members of the delegation had spent their travel speculating about which appearance would the dragon take when they met him. What none were expecting was for the bronze dragon to receive them in the form of an Irsukumba warrior dressed in the traditional regalia of the Ikilshebe kings. Especially striking was the magnificent Naga skin cape he carried, although it had an old and worn out look to it.  Smiling widely, which showed that this form also had the serrated teeth typical of Ikilshebe warriors, Aakhet approached the delegation and spoke with a commanding voice. "I thought it would be appropriate to take a familiar form, and of course it was also an opportunity to wear some of the old items of my collection". Aakhet's eyes swiftly scanned the members of the delegation and the gifts, but before any of them could utter a word he spoke again.  "I of course know why you are here. You seek my invaluable military advice on your war against the lizardfolk. I have battled them before, probably more than any other being, although not in the Greenblight they speak so much about. I am not green, as I hope you are smart enough to notice". Aakhet chuckled at his own joke, and then seemed to get lost in his thoughts for a second, before resuming his speech just as a Griot opened his mouth to ask a question.  "My greatest victories against them are centuries old now, but the knowledge that allowed me to triumph in them still hold true today. I will not teach you all that knowledge, as we would be here for years and you would not be able to understand a hundredth part of it anyways. What I can tell you, and make sure you take note of this, is that if you wish to seize the ancient cities of the reptiles, your army must be wellequipped, wellfed, and faster than an arrow, and of course you already know which one of those is the most important. I hope you know at least, you would all have to be absolute fools to not know, and for your own good I hope you did not make me lose my precious time speaking to fools".
