In the streets of old Castonath, crowds cheered as the king marched down with his army. After almost a decade of war, Unguldavor was whole again. The old system of several petty clans dictating the actions of the state came to an end. Instead of a confederation of clans, Unguldavor was now a true nation with an identity and finally more unified than it was divided. The clans became more regional identities while humans now felt like equal members of our society. In the front of the procession were two flag bearers carrying the banner of Unguldavor through the streets. The iconic green flag fluttered in the wind while soldiers blew on the horns behind them. Soldiers marched in formation as riders of both wargs and horses flanked the procession. In the middle was the king on his chariot being pulled by two Elikhander desertiers. He waved at the crowd with a smile on his face. These were his people. Despite the attempts of Borgu and his conspirators to destroy Unguldavor and take over the ashes, Unguldavor prevailed and emerged stronger than ever. orks, halforks, and humans were all gathered to cheer the victory in the Unguldavori Civil War. Though a hundred thousand died in the fighting on all sides, Unguldavor stood firmer than ever. With all the problems of the state solved, Unguldavor would always last in historical memory even if it fell one day. The crowds saw their king and cheered. Many titles were thrown out. "Grom the Presever." "Grom the Magnificent." "Grom the Great." But perhaps the best one was the simplest. "Grom the Just." To the king, what mattered most was not the glory or the adulation, but the mere satisfaction with bringing Unguldavor back together and ensuring justice and fairness for all. The king reached the end of his procession and dismounted his warg. He walked up the podium set up in the city's massive plaza and raised his hands. The crowd quieted as he began his speech. "People, lend me your ears. The chaos that threatened to destroy our great nation has been crushed. Unguldavor lives and it will live on past all of us." Cheers erupted from the crowd. As the cheers died down, he continued, "We must remember that Unguldavor is more than its ruler. It is all of us. From a mighty king to a lowly peasant, Unguldavor is what unites us and it is what makes us strong. And I have one more thing to say to you:"
