"Papa, why are they tying up the old man?"  In front of her in the village square, piles of wood had been laid, a great stake erected in the middle of them, and an old man, with long, greyed hair and dressed in humble clothes, was being tied to it. Around the child and her family was a crowd; a shouting, jeering, baying crowd. Calling for violence, for blood, for justice. So were her parents, her father only stopped by her child’s question.  "Because my dear, this witch was found in the haunted woods, living alone in a hidden shack. Noone who lives in such a cursed place, far away from good Corinites, can be planning anything good or wholesome."  "But, but, father, don’t we collect nuts and berries from that forest? It isn’t that scary…" The child asked. She didn’t mention that she went there with her friends.  "But only the edges, for we know that only bad things can be found deeper in."  "But you go deeper in for the best wood for the fire, don’t you?" The child asked. She didn’t mention she did as well, wanting to explore.  A hint of irritation steeped into the father’s voice, distracted as he was from the spectacle by his child’s question. "But that does not matter, daughter. Don’t you know what befell your friends? He coaxed them to visit, so he could curse them."  "But how did he curse them?" The child asked. She didn’t mention that she visited the house in the woods with them, too.  "With hexed objects. Foul relics, designed to bring misfortune on whomever in whose house they’re in. A good thing the inquisitor disposed of them."  "But"  "Enough, daughter. Enough. And here I thought you were better than your friends… We shall have to wash your mouth clean of such heretical words. Now watch, and understand what path such words will lead you down."  The child loosened her hand from her father’s, and instead put it in her pocket. She gripped a wooden toy horse, and looked up at the old man, tears welling in her eyes. As the flames grew around him, he turned to look at her.
