The Great Insyaan Range is the second largest mountain range on Halann, dwarfed only by the mighty Serpentspine; it is theorized to contain a graveyard of Precursor facilities shattered by the Day of Ashen Skies. It is believed to have been wracked by numerous volcanic eruptions during the cataclysm, causing several of these facilities to break open, and the kobolds inside to be set free. Unfortunately, freedom does not equal safety in the wilds of Insyaa, and the kobolds were quickly routed back to their broken homes by the predatory carnivorous hinuibirds that hunt along the range.  The fall of the stormwall has opened this continent to Azaly’s apprentices. Initially planned as a venture to learn more about the architecture of the Precursors, the improvements to their mountain homes that the kobolds have made quickly caught the eye of the group, and they spent the rest of the trip focusing on these instead. Using a combination of kobold ingenuity and engineering and magical geomancy, the kobolds had built the facilities upward into the mountainside, creating highly dense, fortified and urbanised citadelcities. This was necessary because the underground containment and research wings were no longer habitable. In order to communicate without the threat of being picked off by carnivorous birds, they have developed a series of magicinfused smoke signals to communicate and mark safe trails. Azaly’s apprentices believe they can adapt these for use within Bivuzena’s dense cityscape, allowing the government to quickly disseminate information to the citizens. Several Charkuchin Kobolds joined the trip back, both to safely guide the apprentice expedition back to the shore of the Yanacotle where their boats were docked, but also because they were eager to experience a life where birds do not eat people. Upon arrival in Bivuzena, they have been overheard remarking that compared to the fauna of their homeland, they find the selection within Medaka’s Magnificent Menagerie quite tame.
