There have been at least six Xhazobines in history, and many more who attempted the ritual and failed. There had to be something different I could do. Something unique to me, to my time. The chants of the crowd were drowned out as the ringing in my ears grew louder. Demons from the infernal plane watched through my eyes. Their gazes burnt. I reached to claw at my eyes only for my hands to be blocked by what I was holding: a musket? I didn’t even remember picking this up. The ringing grew louder.  I lifted the musket up to the face of the first sacrifice and felt the flames shoot down my arm and into the barrel, igniting the gunpowder and firing the pellet. I’d never seen what a musket could do up close before. The head practically exploded, skull fragments scattering as blood and brains splattered over my arm. I tossed the gun to the crowd and beckoned a second piece of krah and a second musket. This gunshot was louder and more explosive than the first. Green flames danced over the corpse as it fell to the ground before being tossed to the crowd to be devoured.  More krah were summoned, more guns were delivered. More heads and torsos were blown apart. I could hear nothing but the chatter of demons and the ringing of gunshot after gunshot. Halfway through our stockpile of krah, the follower who had been delivering the supply of guns into my arms returned emptyhanded. I stared at the musket I had just fired, green flames flickering across its barrel. Right then, a clear voice pierced through the ringing.  "Well, we can’t just stop there."  The flames that had burned so strongly before began to consume me whole. I felt a second presence within me, with its own consciousness, yet both our minds called for one thing. More flames. More blood. More power. I lifted the musket towards the remaining krah and felt the flames, stronger than ever before, crackle through my body, down the barrel, before unleashing a deafening volley of metal and fire, exploding and igniting all it hit. The ringing stopped as I turned to the crowd, and for the first time I could hear their roar.
