The coup attempt during what is now known as "The Long Night" involved a crosssection of Gemradcurt's society. Hastily thrown together over the course of a week, it was comprised of notable nobles, merchantmen, clergy, and even Taigan Order soldiers, be they followers of Ishera (who did not know of the attempt) or previously devout supporters of Immarel such as the late Captain Serondar. And so, the deaths of those conspirators naturally raised the anger of much of Gemradcurt's establishment. A confrontation; unrest; was likely. But Immarel had not expected this.  It began as demonstrations. Disobedience. It soon turned into smallscale raids, ambushes on Taigan Order soldiers and undead patrols. Then everything collapsed, all at once. Entire provinces began to openly reject Immarel's rule. Armouries were looted, and the majority of regular Snecboth soldiers deserted or mutinied. A great part of the people of Gemradcurt had risen up in fear and anger at Immarel's seizure of power, and her use of necromancy, long thought a distasteful but necessary weapon of war, had been unmasked for what they now saw it to truly be; an evil art, designed only to increase Immarel's personal power and unleash unrivalled tyranny on the Snecboth people.  But Immarel was not alone; the greater part of the Taigan Order remained fanatically loyal. Many clergy, merchants and nobles chose to support her either out of fear or simply to hedge their bets on the side they thought would win. But despite many ordinary peoples’ shock and anger, perhaps fourtenths of the Snecboth population could not separate Immarel the liberator, the victorious conqueror and defender, from whatever they said she was now. The revelation that the Everfrost Prince, an Archfey of legend, had been helping Immarel gave even more legitimacy to her cause. By the end of the month, the hopedfor mass overthrow of Immarel had not materialised; instead, the lines of a true civil war, family against family and friend against friend, had been drawn. The Red Winter had begun.
