He let the harpies in through the kitchen gate, navigating in darkness more deftly than most in daylight. From here, you only had to get through the buttery and across the servantĺs courtyard to reach the main tower, but the harpies would not need to scamper across the ground like rats. It was enough to get them inside the shield bubble.  He pulled open the door to the dining hall and stood well back. A stream of harpy warriors flowed past him and launched into the air, one by one and with utter discipline. They made no more sound than wind, even in their armour. He waited only until the last soldier was airborne, and then he ran. He barely registered the tile floor under his bare feet; he imagined he was flying across it, like the harpies did.  The stash was at the back of one of the fuel rooms, hidden in a crate under a drop cloth. The kitchen boys knew his iron hand too well to ever look without permission, and it was too risky to keep this stuff in any place overtly associated with himself. He counted off a battered brass compass, a week or two in coins, travelling boots, a plain mintgreen tunic and robe, dried meat jerky, hardtack, and the greatest of his prizes: a speaking stone. He had taken it from the chamber of a doddering old scholar called Ahalios, who lost things at the best of times. He had even helped look for it.  He was out of the main building in minutes. The night was still silent, the vault of the sky newmoon black but for a spray of stars. On a normal night he would have looked upon it from his window and seen it blurred, distorted by the soft hum of the bubble. Tonight, it was sharp and perfect and clear, a million silver studs in a velvet jacket. He fished the speaking stone from his pack and made the motions, feeling the nowfamiliar, stillillicit rush. He spoke softly into its glow.  "They are inside, general. Going dark until Heunthume."  The elves always thought that to forbid something was to make it impossible. He knew that they would invent some great conspiracy to explain this; he counted on it as his cover. The simple truth was that, as he had turned the stone over and over in his little stewardĺs cell, he had felt the strange rush of power, his magic. And when, playing around, he had reached from the stone and felt a new and strange connection, the harpy on the other end had said something that no mage had ever said to him before:  "What is your name?"  He reached the crest of the hill just as faint booms and crashes began to carry from the tower. He could sense the now familiar hum of magic, and the little spots of silence where the harpies snuffed it out.  "I am Idirammi," he murmured to himself, and smiled.
