During the course of this past month many candidates presented themself and their portfolio to the council of ministers. Out of these very talented individuals, three in particular stand out; each with their own vision and set of specialties.  The first candidate to be approved was not an unexpected one: Lord Valen, the noble architect in the service of the count of Yearncliff has made a name for himself there, his efforts to renovate the city and attend the roads did not go unnoticed in the Capital, and now he has presented himself with a clear plan of action. He insists that the construction must be done with utmost level of coordination and regulatory oversight in mind, he has already prepared mountians of documents to present to all parties who would be relavant, from petty fiefs to the Emperor himself. It is clear that Lord Valen is not only a solid choice when it comes to design, but he also understands how to keep pace with the buraucratic nightmares of the Empire and its politics.  Although not shocking, the second candidate, or rather candidates, come from the city of Ryalanar. Twin brothers Alarain and Vincen Redcoaster are famous across the Dames head for their maritime construction business; Docks, Harbours, Shipyards, Trade Depots and everything related to that area of construction is within their territory. Though inexperienced in countryspanning projects, they do offer high levels of expertise in dealing with canals, water levels, dams, and things of the sort, plus they have a veteran corps of skilled labourers to make sure the project goes smoothly.  Lastly, an outsider but not one from far away; A Gnomish Engineer by the name of Bobbman Netherfinger has appeared before the court, he is quite famous for his exploits in the field of artifice, but also infamous for running risky experiments. He promises to deliver a grand canal using the most modern and cutting edge devices, ones that the world has never seen before, but he also requires a generous amount of resources and crowns to work with.  Now it is up to the Lord of Themarenn to choose a favourite and have them start planning for the project.
