"For several years, I guided the Kingdom of Clouded Eye as its queen. I delegated authorities, resolved disputes, and brought peace and prosperity to my kingdom. Several orks even began to somewhat deify me, which I always made sure to shoot down. I am not Corin. How could I ever be? Corin was able to kill the son of Dookan and ascend as the Goddess of War. I only led a clan to survive.  While I have aged gracefully compared to some of my old friends, my age still got to me. I was an old woman. The Greentide has mostly ended by now as adventurers created their own kingdoms and now spend more time fighting each other than my fellow orks.  And then there was my family. My two sons and three daughters all have their places already. Grom, my eldest, was a philanderer, Atu was a priestess of Corin, Uroph was a poet, Zhorg was a scholar, and Sheru was a general. I loved all my children, but it was clear none were fit to inherit. However, Grom’s son, Thrak, was. My eldest grandson was the best potential heir to the throne. He abstained from drinking; which was odd considering how much I drank; and gambling. While his tactical skills were average, he was an excellent administrator and diplomat. He was wellread in history and magic. Though not a skilled mage himself, he understood magical theory and spent late nights at Grama Academy helping the shamans with their divination.  As I thought about Thrak, I felt inspired by Lothane. Lothane had already retired from leading Corintar. He now lived on a quiet farm. Unlike other rulers, he retired to focus on his family and live in peace, not dying in office. The more I thought about it, the more it appealed to me. Perhaps it was time for me to step down and retire to my private estate in Cadell’s Rest. There, perhaps, I could live out my last few years in peace with my husband Regar.  And so it was. Thrak was given the throne as I rested on my estate in Cadell’s Rest with Regar. Visitors from all over Escann and beyond would often show up to interview one of the surviving companions of Corin. As for my personal life, I kept in communication with Lothane, sometimes meeting in person to reminisce about the good days.  As I sat at my desk that day, I dipped my quill in ink and started writing this memoir."  Arosha Oakbreaker, The Life of Corin’s ork Disciple, Volume 5, Chapter 1: Retirement
