Today. 24:47. The observations confirm the existence of thin lines across the surface of the planet, wide enough to be seen from space, and long enough to stretch considerable lengths of the planet's surface. These lines run between the planet's larger bodies of water, as well as the planet's frozen poles, but their shapes are far straighter than any rivers observed on Halann. Precise list of estimated proportions for each observed line included in the appendix. The observation also estimated the planet's great bodies of water to be slightly smaller than in the earliest recordings, and the red portions of the planet slightly greater, in accordance with the previously postulated hypothesis that the planet is slowly drying out. Hypothesis: The large amounts of water found on the planet has always opened the possibility of life, and these lines look more than anything else like massive canals, though their sheer scale would. The astronomer finds himself unable to keep writing the report. Instead he leaves his desk, and goes to watch the stars. Not through the many glass barriers of the telescope. No, instead he goes out the small door at the side of the observatory and stands directly beneath the sky. To their south an endless line of massive mountains snake off into the horizon, though none as high as the peak they are standing on. In every other direction, east, north and west, an infinite sea of trees stretches out as far as their eyes can see. Far beneath them the outer sections of the city itself jut out from the mountain, the winding road which ties it to the flat ground occupied even at midnight. But it is not downwards that their eyes wander, but upwards. To the great night sky undimmed by neither cloud nor light, the great cavern with its endless diamonds. They know each one by heart, and spotting the planet poses no problem for them. The idea of intelligent life in the heavens had been posed ever since the ancient Sapphire Dwarves first learned the planets to be other worlds just like Halann, yet it had always been guesswork and hypotheticals. But there, in that glimmering point of light, they're certain. There, beyond the great black void, they are looking at it. Life, civilization, monuments to rival the greatest of dwarves. At the peak of the world, with no one but the stars to hear, they utter the words:
