Rise and strike. A crack of the rock, a crack of the whip. Rise and strike. A laugh from an overseer, a cry from the damned. The heat of the mine mixed with the burning pain in his muscles as Tesfaye raised his pick and struck the earth, again and again and again. Lungs clogged with smoke and dust, sweat mixing with blood on his skin. He couldn’t falter, couldn’t pause for rest – not unless he wanted more scars on his back. Taken from his home across the sea, shipped halfway across the world – little more than a dead man walking. The whip cracked again – a woman’s cry, this time, as a pickaxe clanged to the stone floor of the open air mine. Tesfaye couldn’t resist turning his head to check – a reflex held over from better times. A Cannorian woman was backing up against the wall as a laughing gnoll advanced against her, jagged sword already raised. The woman grabbed at her dropped pick, holding it close to her chest, shaking. The Mengi slave turned back to the stone in front of him, shaking his head. Rise and strike. Don’t pay attention to the screams. Rise and Strike. Rise and– A shriek accompanied a wet piercing sound, as a body thudded against the rock. Tesfaye’s head snapped back again, involuntarily – but he did not see the woman’s corpse. A gnoll laid dead on the ground, a pickaxe lodged in the base of his skull. The woman had a blank expression on her bloodied face. All the other slaves were looking, now, as did another gnoll, who wasted no time as she rushed towards her companion’s killer. The Mengi slave’s stomach dropped. They’d kill all of them for this, no doubt. He would walk no longer. Another slave – a bearded elf from the western continent – lunged at the gnoll, intercepted her. Tesfaye found himself running to the elf’s aid. He rose his pickaxe, and cried out as he plunged the head into gnoll’s chest like he was striking rock. Bone cracked and gave way. He looked at the other slaves, and at the overseers beyond them looking back as he withdrew his pick, raising it to the air high, defiant. "Rise and strike.", Tesfaye cried. The gnolls laughed, cackled – but when the gnolls began to tumble from the stepped walls of the pit, Seascourge skulls and chains alike broken by the crack of the pick, they laughed no longer. Today, the Hellpits rose, and today its slaves would strike back.
