"I understand my mistake now." Granny Ilfa is a peasant woman. The white shawl gathers around her face, descending over her aged hands with their extra fingers. Where did she come from? How did she gain access to The Vile One's most private sanctuary? It matters not. "You do?" The Vile One speaks—Fulcrum and Heart of the World-Lattice, Fog-Mistress, Great Queen. Granddaughter.

"You are of this plane," Granny Ilfa says. "It is not possible to subvert such a thing... as I know. The fog... I should have seen it then. We belong to our places."

There is a long silence. The Vile One stares at her. "All this, Granny? Two millennia? Just to go home?"

Ilfa’s eyes crinkle; she seems almost to move her arm, but then thinks better of it. "Of course, girl."

Time passes. When the attendants come to give coffee, they do not notice Ilfa at all; if they find the request for two servings odd, they do not question it. Have the two of them ever simply sat together this way, grandmother and granddaughter, in the dying light of the evening?

"It is your type of cleverness, this Covenant." Ilfa’s voice is cracked, as it always is, but it has never sounded so elderly. "A Covenant we made to empower you, a Covenant between us and the power-seekers of Sarhal... you have made of it a Covenant of your own. Between you and your... your subjects?"

"My lattice. They are me."

"Mm." Granny chuckles. "Clever-clever."

They regard one another. The Vile One realizes that she may never have gazed so directly into her Granny’s eyes before; they are truly alien, more so the longer one looks. The endless feather spread of Granny’s wrinkles is arresting; it is precious and delicate.

There is a world where, in some remote Sarhaly hamlet, the Vile One carries her ancient grandmother into the warm sun on the verandah. A world where she passes a wet cloth over her Granny’s forehead and rocks her in her pain. But that world is not this one.

"This thing you have made," says Granny Ilfa. "It is deftly done."
