Farwen's grip tightened upon the haft of her glaive as she swung it upwards in a cleaving motion, striking across three training dummies at once. The motion of her blow was driven by emotion; by frustration, rather than a disciplined strike.  "There is no reason that I should be denied entry to the Conclave," she huffed, sweeping with her glaive once more. "Am I not to be the next Ceanna? How can I claim to be a worthy heir, if I cannot partake in our realm's decisions? In the defense of our people; whether they be from our Salla, or others?"  Her mother stood some feet away, her hands clasped in front of her, as she rested against one of the training grounds' walls.  "Farwen, you have yet much to learn; you are prideful, eager. You wish to run, though you have not yet mastered your walk. You will grow into your role as Ceanna, when the time comes."  Her words; decorated by her soft and serene intonation; lingered in the air for a moment, as she shifted away from the wall, stepping towards Farwen.  "Until then, you must realize that you will be far more than merely the one that makes decisions. You will be a figurehead; a symbol that will inspire our people to action. In that vein, you must be careful with your actions; and even more so with your words."  Farwen swung her glaive once more, this time somewhat more calculated, her frustration beginning to wane; her training was kicking in; and perhaps, also, she was hearing her mother's sense.  "Yet I am expected to sit by the sidelines; to what end? What lesson am I meant to take from this, other than that father doesn't deem me ready?"  She huffed, her tone growing hoarse, even cracking faintly between words.  "You must learn to temper your pride, to learn patience. You will be a great Ceanna, Farwen; you simply need some more time. Do not hold it against your father, he merely wishes to do what is best for you; and for your future."  Farwen lifted her glaive, resting the base of the staff against the ground, shifting her attention to her mother.
