It was a grey day when the Argor and Batur finally arrived at the St. Torrieth's Bastion, the resting place of the God Fragment and the seat of the High Rectorate. The pair, dressed in tattered and muddy Rectoral robes, looked up at the mighty edifice, where statues of the major Saints stared back down at them. Argor stood, mouth agape, awed that man could build such a monument. Batur, irrepressible as always, simply slapped his travelling companion on the shoulder and said \"Come brother, soon enough she will be up there with them.\" as he strode into the mighty hall.  This was, of course, some months after a passionate discussion with the Provost, on the subject of the canonization of Muroga the Huntress. Their congregants had been strongly in favour and had asked the two halfork Rectors to raise it. When the Provost, who was already three quarters of an hour late for lunch, had grunted, \"If you feel so strongly about it, I suggest you take it up with the High Rector,\" Argor and Batur had decided they would do just that.  Their journey had been a long one; they had received enough from their congregations to secure passage on a fur trading ship, bound for Anbenncost. They had endeared themselves to their shipmates by always being a spare pair of hands; if a deck needed scrubbing or a stew needed cooking, the Rectors were there. During a particularly bad storm, Batur saved the life of a man who was pinned by fallen rigging. Using his colossal strength, the halfork Rector managed to lift the beam as his crew mates freed the man. He attempted to show his gratitude by treating the Rector to an evening in \"the best brothel in Silverdocks\". Batur politely declined.  In Anbenncost they were forced to rely on the charity of others to gather funds for the journey to the High Rectorate. In amongst their street sermons they would tell the story of Muroga to anyone who would listen. The pair intended to save the crowns they were given for their journey onwards, but as they began to know the orks and halforks of Anbenncost, Argor argued that \"Muroga would not wish us to work for her glory when there are those here who need her protection.\" So every crown they collected went to feeding the poor of Silverdocks. It was not until a retired Chipped Tooth Company captain, rich from plundering the Ynn, heard their story and promised to support the poor in their place, that they we able to complete their journey to the High Rectorate.
