The sun of a new dawn shone brightly on Bivuzena, as a sea breeze carried the scent of salt into the slitted nostrils of Nulri Imbiswa. She hurried down the streets of the Nyanza Market, her bag clutched in a scaled hand, a smile playing across her face as she doublechecked for the key to the bakery. She looked at the gold and orange drapery gleaming from the honeycomb constructions of the Skyline, the blue roses in planters, and took a deep breath of gratitude. She dodged out of the way of a goldscaled kobold child, who was pointing and laughing at the elephant horn bellowing from the Menagerie. His parents desperately tried to follow.  The air was full with the hum of countless conversations. She looked out towards the Vyzemby islands beyond the Seahorse Sea, and the empty blue expanse behind them, and she could swear she saw in her mind's eye her wife, a diminutive halfling figure, standing proudly on a large wooden platform sailing along a river, the jungle singing around her, comparing notes with the darkskinned, blueandturquoisehaired Paruran elves and other old friends who had joined the Chahinanito faith.  As her gaze fell closer to the shore, she saw an ork sailor sitting on the dock, playing a game of chess with one of the merfolk, the elven half of their body propped up by their elbows, intently studying the game. The patter of hooves broke her contemplative streak as she stepped off of the stoneway, nodding towards a group of centaurs on the street, headed towards the Medaka’s Exceptional Treasures. She continued on her way, passing by an old smuggling hole. A lifetime ago, she had cowered there with her siblings, bowls empty and bellies aching. But now, the boards had been removed, and the walls were teeming with artwork. A ginger harimari and a greyfurred gnoll with paint buckets were discussing how repainting the tunnels was both a way of increasing Chi and honouring Kvanga.  She hurried to the shop left to her by her adoptive mother, who had no children of her own. And as she was taught by her, and she was taught by her parents, began shaping the small, flat, clovespiced loaves and carried them to the hearthoven, the claymouth radiating warmth.  And the loaves sold out by noon. And there was no sign of the Khet’s influence over the city. And the people were together.
