The politics of Ameion have gotten rather interesting in recent years. The debates between Móloist and Keintagogist are still the same old tired jabs and discussions, but now they have a decidedly personal edge to them. In the halls around the Synkletos, two young rising stars have been battling for influence and power. Not in the senate chamber itself, of course! Well, unless you count ghost-written speeches delivered by orators who struggle to match the fury of the "gentler" hand who penned them. Kelasteia Laskaris, after all, is a woman—a dashing and daring young officer, and an heir to the Conqueror, and someone who knows how to use grit and determination and a copious amount of ill-gotten gold to get what she wants. Despite the sexism inherent in Ambhen politics, she has used every tool available to her to secure her influence. Some whisper that if she is voted Kylakas, she may lead Ameion to greater heights, hand-in-hand with her family's Klereyen patrons—and ensure Keintagogist domination for a century.

Whisper that in ear-shot of Onochomos Stylionides, however, and you are likely to get an ear-full yourself. The "steward," they call him—a young scion of the Paraidár elite fashioned in the image of the greatest Alecandi statesmen, who can speak like a Kimabhen demagogue and think like an Arpebhen strategist and argue like a Lokebhen lawyer. Unlike Kelasteia, who would gladly rule for decades over the Ambhen Empire, empress-like, Onochomos is only asking for a few years. He cares about the constitution, the principle of democracy! And, of course, he only needs a few years to cement his status as a grey eminence, uniting the force of populist Ambhen supremacism and elitist Móloist doctrine for decades to come.

These two truly, truly hate each other. Who knows why, but their bitter rivalry has taken on a decisively personal edge. Still, there can be only one... and they would certainly both be fit for the top job. Whoever rises to leadership over the Republic will surely leave a lasting legacy.
