Immarel strode into the vast chamber, hands twitching with anticipation; tonight, she would kill a dragon. As she neared the centre of the room, a deep booming voice echoed through the hall.  "Well well well.. If it isn't the Winterswrath, come to see me off at last. Not content with your little hellscape, hmm?" The voice travelled around her, as Immarel struggled to follow it; there were no signs of wing, flame or claw. Where is he? "You are powerful, oh yes. the fey have given you great gifts indeed. And you take those gifts and do what with them? Set yourself up as some kind of god? Was that part of your Archfey's deal? Or was it your doing?"  Immarel kissed her teeth. "I am no god, not like you. And at least I don't spend my days whoring and lazing around. Wasting wealth on frivolities." She spoke to the whole chamber, trying to find where her foe was hiding. "If you want to accuse me of anything, don't accuse me of giving my people security. Peace. A better life."  "A better life in bondage. security as fear. a peaceful end, while their corpses are paraded around as tools of your grim desire.." Immarel finally locked onto the source; it was in front of her, at the foot of the chamber. There was a humanoid figure standing there. An elf, no dragon. "And you have the gall to say you do not waste wealth on "frivolities." At least I need not murder to have a pretty face.." Immarel reflexibly raised a hand to her cheek, feeling the warmth of flesh that was not her own.  "From one god to another, Immarel, know this.." There was a great explosion, as the space around the elf warped beneath the roiling blast of steam and smoke, and Varlengeilt emerged from the debris; he roared as he displayed the majesty of his form, and a jet of flame from his maw set the chamber roof on fire. He clawed his way towards Immarel, breaking columns with his tail and piercing the floor with his claws, propelling himself forwards until at last his maw was mere metres from Immarel's face, the immensity of scale and flesh eclipsing her entirely. ". Know. Your. Place. You may command the deeds of your subjects; by fear or awe; but you will never be able to command their souls. And if you find yourself doing so, then you rule over a kingdom of thralls, not of people. A mother of death, not of winter." The dragon lifted into the air with a start, the sheer force knocking Immarel to the ground. Then, with the crash of burning and broken stone and wood and metal, he pierced the smouldering roof, jets of flame laying ruin to the stars.
