It was as if the Hunter of the Deep had gotten wind of our preparations to defeat her, and endeavored to strike at our heart before we were fully prepared. If so, she gravely miscalculated. The full might of the Titanium people was arrayed outside of Gor Vazumbrog on the day she struck. Standing at the head of the regular army, our lord, bedecked in the Drokniskom and wielding the mighty Skycleaver, refused to break the dragon's gaze, even as her fearsome form accelerated toward them. To their left, Grimmun Gemhorn and Fimbur Battlebeard stood at the front of the bulk of the Vaultwarden order, ready to advise on strategy or leverage misbegotten relics in desperate ploys, as the situation demanded. Thrun Stonefist led the Dauvek Veker on the right flank, each company's captain equipped with the trophy of some past triumph to inspire her men. And at the rear stood Branma and the Arm of Krummul, prepared to hold the ground should the purple fiend attempt to swoop around and attack from behind. Dispersed throughout stand titanium golems with anticorrosive wards, ready to seize the dragon from the sky should she get too close. And on every face, an Aakhigen mask, ready to ward off the worst - or at least the most immediate - effects of the dragon's miasmic breath. In the end, the dragon opted to continue her direct heading, seeking to kill the lord just as she had on the day of Vazumbrog's new ruin. Along the way, she tried to cleave through the standing armies, but found her claws arrested by the resilient titanium golems reinforcing the formations, killing a scant tenth of the regiments she struck. Her poisonous breath, which had once seemed so unstoppable, claimed no lives on her approach, though many dwarven eyes and nostrils stung even through the protective gear. By the time she reached our lord, her momentum was almost totally broken, and Skycleaver guided their unaccustomed hands to strike a glancing blow across the creature's horrid snout. At this, the great beast tried to turn and prepare for a second swooping, but found she was too entangled in titanium golems to flee freely, as the assembled ranks of Titanium soldiery began to close in. Ultimately, she simply pushed harder against the ground to take off despite the hindrances. With a shriek, she bought her freedom at the cost of the second claw on her right forefoot, which remained in the hands of the golem holding it. The unearthly, horrifying wail was music to the ears of the dwarves, as the great purple fiend sped away from the hold to seek easier prey.
