Taelarios is dead. We had known this day would come eventually—even the Chosen do not live forever. Still, it cuts far deeper than any of us could have ever expected. Truly, there were none more worthy of our respect than he. When the Šadnatu were at our lowest point, when the gnollish scourge threatened to tear away the last remnants of our realm, Surael brought Taelarios to us. He promised us that we would never have to fear the Malevolent Dark so long as he lived, and he kept to his word. Despite all the death and suffering we have faced, Zanšap itself has always remained safe. But now that is gone. With his death, so too dies his promise. The city is gripped by fear and unrest. Taelarios's succession has brought with it great uncertainty, and there are many among us who do not believe the new ruler can protect us. Many have begun to flee further north to Bulwar, fearing a resurgent gnollish invasion in our moment of weakness. The Akal has been hounded day and night by the wealthy and powerful of Zanšap, demanding we assert our independence from Irrliam before we are thrown into the middle of a power struggle between the Chosen. The Order of the Zenith, once loyal to none but Taelarios, have been left with free reign over their actions. Their future unclear, they have started to mass their forces within the city, threatening to destabilize the situation even further if the church tries to reassert its authority over them. If action is not taken immediately, there is nothing but darkness ahead of us. But we are not the same people we once were. We have not squandered Taelarios’s protection by growing complacent, refusing to believe anything would ever change. We have always known there would be a day when a united Šad Sur would bow to none but Surael. Now is the time to strike, for there will be no other opportunity. No longer will we be forced to rely on the charity and benevolence of others for our very survival! Zanšap… no, all of Šad Sur will be free once more!
