Your reservation? I'm sorry, I gave your reservation to a dwarf named Tulok. A human receptionist with winered hair spoke apologetically, grasping at her red and white apron. The ruinborn protested: "But my name is Tulok. I made the reservation." "I'm sorry." She replied. "I had no idea Tulok was also a Veykodan name." Rather than argue, Tulok stepped out of the inn, figuring he'd make do elsewhere. Benches and tables were laid out in front of him, on the inn's terrace, where a halfling woman sat dressed in a padded coat and a blue ribbon hat; her gaze shifted up to the construction crew of halflings and dwarves who were finishing the inn's front and third floor, then down to the rest of the district below, particularly the riverwharves from which came barges of migrants and goods from the eastern homesteads. Suspecting she was the head of the business, Tulok sat next to her and struck conversation. "Those swanboats are magnificient." He said, indicating a little fleet that was circling the western point. "Oh, they're really pretty. You have a good eye." She replied. He swiftly joked: "Birdwatching is my tribe's specialty." She let out a snicker, and sighed. "My people's specialty is commerce and food, which is why you see me here running this inn. What about you?" He answered: "My people are hunters and scouts. We sell game to the nobles, and my job is to get to know people and scout for any purchasers. I'd be eager to know your story." So she began. "Very well. You see, back in Norley we didn't have much. Just a pear orchard, a moundhouse, and a royal charter over the maintenance of country roads." ".Which is why I started a company of builders. Cannor is stuck with the idea that dwarves should build everything, but here in the Ynn halflings still have a chance to carve out at least a slice of the construction market." The halfling woman concluded. Tulok found it hard not to feel moved, but he remembered his task. "You said a pool party will be held in the local embassy tonight, right?" "Oh, I'll get you an invite." She said nonchalantly. This had just gotten interesting. Tulok bowed and thanked the lady, while making a mental note of the dwarves and halflings who were wearing religious insignia. This was just one of the many stories from the Krar Nor District, where entrepreneurs from the Netherworld met and did their business, under the careful watch of intelligence agents like Tulok and their superiors.
