"I am writing to ask you to stop."  Crovis cannot help but look the boy, even in sullen incomprehension. He rereads the first line over and over again, glancing up guiltily from the message; as if his adoring attendants, who to a man would die for him, will intuit what he is reading from his expression. He clears his throat, and asks them to leave. As they go, he bites his lip; he still worries his commands do not resonate the way a hero’s should. And then he looks back to the page.  "You are a noble soul, I think. Knowing your mother, you grew up on fine legends and tales of heroism. You have named me the Captive Queen, and I am to be rescued. I am asking you to stop." Crovis stares. She is right, of course. Here in the windswept shoreland of the Reach lies his only chance to enter the storybooks. The yearning for it is obvious in every movement of his lanky frame, every order he issues. It is why old ruined war dogs follow him; because it would all be so be wonderful if it were true.  "You have halfork cousins; my children. I hear you have sworn to kill every ork from Esald to Bal Vroren; will you make yourself a kinslayer? And let us say that you win; now you are Brasur in reverse. Will you butcher your orkish subjects wholesale, nephew, truly? Do you imagine they will resist any less than you have? If you cannot defeat Brasur in a single glorious battle, meeting in single combat and chopping off his head with your sword; is it civil war, then, the burning of this country forever and ever?  "I am asking you these things, young Crovis, because I know nobody else has." He exhales. "Stop this, and let something healed stagger out of our wounded land. Let Brasur knit two peoples together. You cannot simply burn out one half."  There is more, much more. Frida understands the array of forces, the terrain faced by either side, though she is deft and careful not to reveal any numbers or positions in so doing. Her assessment is brutal. Crovis feels his eyes glaze over; he feels something hard and protective settle over the strange heaviness in his chest.  Young Crovis looks out at the Giant’s Grave, the sea that has been his endless companion in this campaign east. And then he throws the letter in the fire.
