A ruined city once towered over Kumarkand. Decayed, weathered, and crumbling, yet its glory eclipsed even the greatest cities in Bulwar. Panu Karqaslu was so glorious that it should have been inconceivable for it to ever be outshone. But now the ancient city has been enveloped by the ever growing metropolis of Kumarkand; its expansive avenues filled to the brim and its megastructures eclipsed by our great projects. A once ruined city has been replaced by a vibrant one.  Panu Karqaslu is Karqaslu’s immortal heart – so long as the city stands, so shall Karqaslu. Even in occupation or ruin, that heart shall continue to beat until the empire is whole again. Many enemies had tried and failed to destroy it – twice the Deep Devils have failed, many times seditious subjects have failed, and many more shall fail trying, for that is the inevitable future of any who tries.  Kar Alusir walks the streets of Panu Karqaslu incognito in the body of one of his honour guards. Past the streets he once played in, the mage academy he once learned in, the palace he once ruled from, and past the grand boulevard he had held many parades in; for the first time in his life, he felt  peace and clarity. Everything he had done in life, death, and limbo had been out of selfinterest. All the lives he had taken, sacrificed, discarded, now dwarfed by the sheer quantity of lives he had improved. For once he had ruled as a selfless emperor and for once everyone had come to praise his name. Overcome with emotions, he walked to the city centre, unveiling his prismatic eyes and speaking to all around; ‘Witness our glory and celebrate our name, for we are Karqaslu. Bulwars first empire, Surakels first empire, and the only eternal empire. I, Kar Alusir, promise to you that so long as I live, Karqaslu shall remain eternal. If one day, Surakel forbid, Karqaslu shall fall to ruin again, I will give everthing to restore it. But that shall never arrive, for we have built back my empire and its capital  greater than ever before. And such an accomplishment requires eternal celebration. Henceforth Kumarkand shall be renamed Panu Karqaslu and I shall honour the legacy of Kurkarkand by taking on the name Kar Alusir Kumarkand. Blessed be our history and glorious shall our future be, Long live Karqaslu.’
