The lord paced around her room, her head pounding. Just minutes before, with a smile on her face, a messenger had notified her of what she had already suspected. The lord suspected that many among her flock felt the same way. Jaddar was dead; The Jaddari – shattered; and their remaining forces retreated eastward; the protection of Elaienna all that was saving them from complete destruction. The hated enemy of Siadan, those elven Desert Legions that had once destroyed old Siadanlen, had themselves been dealt a mortal blow. And all that was true; but what they did not yet realise was that Siadan had traded one shadow for another. With Zokkas victory over the Jadd, his mastery of the Far Salahad was now more secure than ever. If Siadan did not march south immediately, and reclaim the remaining lands of the Jaddari, then the dream of Siadanlen may be dead entirely, as Zokka would undoubtedly crush their ambitions and render Siadan another vassal state or border province of his new gnollish empire. When Astarta had signed the blood pact, she had done so believing that Siadan and the gnolls would share in their rewards equally; but evidently that has not been the case. And now what? That question was the one causing her head to hurt. The lord broke away from her pacing to stumble over to a chair, slumping down in it and putting a hand to her head, deep in thought. How could Siadanlen be reclaimed, the glory of her people preserved? There was no doubt that inaction had been their last mistake. Inaction and complacency; both when Jaher crushed the old realm, and now. And if inaction and complacency had been their weakness, then… A smile formed on her face as she realised the truth. For too long Siadan had been vultures preying on a strip of the Golden Highway, instead of looking further afield to the riches of Azka Sur or Rahen. For too long Siadan had contented itself with smallscale raids, and petty conquests and border disputes. For too long Siadan has mourned its past glory, too weak to rise up and take it back. That ended today; it was time for Siadan to change. and it was time for Siadan to go on the march.
