'The Boy,' whose name I'd since learned as 'Solo,' had taken some time to warm up to me. But it had taken me substantially less to warm up to him. Andrianary had not lived more than a month past his retirement, old age claiming him in a peaceful sleep. The void he'd left in my life was something I'd hoped to fill with the guidance of the other senior commanders within the tower. But they were all either subordinates awestruck by my chosenhood or power hungry schemers looking to manipulate me. I would never again have a father.But to be one filled a hole I wasn't aware of. Under my tutelage, Solo had become a fierce and disciplined warrior. There were many things I'd done wrong, things I wish I could change, but.Perhaps I could fill the void I created in the boys life, and set something right.  I felt a sharp pain in my side. The dagger was just barely halted by my ribs, missing any vital organs and granting me time to counterstrike. My elbow slammed into my assailant's stomach, as my other hand grabbed the dagger and flung it away. It clattered across the floor, leaving a trail of blood with each bounce. I spun around just in time to see Solo preparing a kick to the chest that sent me tumbling backwards. His form was excellent. I felt proud, a moment before I felt betrayed.  Rushing past me, he ran for the dagger he'd attempted to drive into my bowels. I reached out and grabbed his ankle, tripping him and bringing him to the floor with me while simultaneously using him to pull myself back onto my feet. With a leap, I drove my knee into the ground where his back had been just a moment ago. He had rolled out of the way and now attempted to retaliate with another kick, but this time I was ready. Catching his foot by the ankle,I rotated myself over top of him and pinned his back to the ground under my weight while pulling his leg until I heard a sickening snap. My heart ached as I heard him scream, but I did not relent and instead grabbed his other leg and aimed a precise kick into his femur.  Standing up, I left him with two disabled legs and walked towards the dagger he had driven into me. Behind me, I could hear him desperately crawling towards it even as I kicked it to the other side of the tent. I made my way to my weaponrack and grabbed my spear before turning on the boy. My face was red as I yelled 'Why, Solo. Why did you make me do this.? I don't want to hurt you, I've never wanted to hurt you.'  The look of hatred that met my eyes will haunt me for as long as I live. It was as if I were staring not at another living being, but an angry ghost. 'You killed my father.You destroyed my home.You train me to destroy the homes of others.And you want me to be grateful? I am but the first, you will not survive this night' In a single fluid motion, I slashed the tip of the spear over his neck and silenced him.  A moment of horrible quiet passed, before a frantic lieutenant burst into the room. 'Commander. We're under attack. It's the Commander you're wounded. And the boy
