The ruler of our realm sat on the edge of her bed, both her hands held to her pounding head. She had, in truth, been in this position for the last hour, since a messenger had delivered the direst news she had thought possible. Zokka was dead, and Jaddar's realm now stretched from their "holy" mountain in the east to the borders of Sareyand in the west. The news was likely already spreading like a sandstorm through the camp, and it was only a matter of time before Jaddar turned back from the west, and annihilated our realm like his grandfather had done to a predecessor before it. And with those damned harpy allies of his, it would likely take even less time than it took Jaher. The ruler shook her head vigorously and let out a groan; she had to think of something, anything. It had been our complacency that had led us to this moment. The instant we had heard Zokka was marching against Jaddar, we should have sprung into action, but we didn't, and now we were going to pay the ultimate price. But the organisation, the militarism, the drive and firmbelief in the righteousness of their cause; these had clearly been the reasons for Jaddar's triumph in the first place; our ruler knew that, but inaction, lack of militarism, Lack of purpose. The ruler looked up, taking her head out of her hands, as the realisation dawned on her; for too long, our realm had been stuck in the same old ways. Small scale raids, petty border disputes; for too long, our realm had mourned its past glory, too weak to rise up and take it back. But by the light of calamity, we had been shown a better way, and even better we had been shown the truth. Our realm has the organisation; its forces were organised into flocks, and if the lesser matriarchs could be convinced of the need, a great host could be raised at a moments notice. Our realm has the militarism; we were harpies, for Firanya's sake. It was our life's goal to hunt and fight and seize anything not freely given. And we certainly have the purpose. That glorious purpose that had cast the largest shadow of them all on the remnants of its greatness; a predecessor. The name of a state that once caused terror throughout Rahen and the Salahad, and by blood or talon would do so again. Our ruler rose to leave her tent, thinking of the countless orders she would need to give to make this dream a reality; and, under her breath, she thanked Jaddar for showing her the truth, and the way forward. This would be the greatest struggle the heirs of Siaduna had ever faced, moreso than even Jaher's invasion; we faced the end of our very way of life, the traditions and glory that had run uninterrupted from the age of Firanya; but our realm would never again shy away from its destiny, even if it cost us everything.
