As the ruler got up, they realised the battle was won. One of their personal guards explains that they took a nasty hit from a Facestealer, the largest one anyone had ever seen, right to the face, right before they blasted a dozen Facestealers to their demise and lost consciousness. As they looked around the battlefield it was obvious casualties were high, but victory was certain. An hour later the last wounded man was on a cart home and the army pushed onward to the mountain, adamant to end this scourge once and for all.
The army approached the mountain and fought a few Facestealers here and there, emboldened by their previous victory, and it soon became clear they were protecting a cave entrance. The ruler made their way inside, with their most experienced combatants in tow, a mage lighting the way with an illuminating spell and a full regiment behind them.
After a few minutes of walking and dealing with a couple of Facestealers who shrieked at the group when they charged, like mothers defending their babies, the cave walls became home to a disturbing feature. Actual human faces were embedded into the wall, made from flesh and stuck in a permanent expression of pain and panic. As the party went further down into the cave, the density of these faces on the walls, ceiling and floor increased, until the faces were so plentiful the shamans had to discuss if continuing to trample on our ancestors was sacrilege or permitted.
After what felt like an hour of walking over the faces of their dead kinsmen the cave finally widened into a final room, its walls completely filled with faces. In the center of the room were hundreds of small, almost childlike Facestealers, who gave little resistance to spirit hunters. It was finally over; the home of the Facestealers was now under human control.
The Shamans agreed that the cave will be taken care of by them, to ensure no sacrilege is committed against the faces of our, or anyone’s, ancestors. The army returned home victorious, but will anyone ever be the same?
