The moment our mage attempted to read the mind of the beast, their eyes rolled into the back of their head, and they began to cackle madly, screaming "the void in the world." and "the deep and the dark. The deep and the dark." over and over again, whilst tears streamed from their now fully white eyes. Not responding to any sort of words from the rest of the expedition, eventually the decision was made to put the poor man out of his misery. Though the expedition continued on, and eventually reached our goal, to say the mood was spoiled would be a gross understatement.  As our expedition excitedly digs into the great mound, we uncover what must have once been the top of the Pillar, in near perfect condition. A great circular room, constructed of marble, containing several gigantic stone circles, clearly portals now inactive, each inscribed with the image of a different world. It seems that the Pillar served as a logistical hub not just for this world, but for others as well. Within the room, we have found another logbook, in far better condition than the last one, which tells of regular trade between the Precursor empire and colonies on other worlds. Two names seem to correspond to the moon and the planet we know as Agradent, but the others don't match any known objects in the night sky. The logbook also tells of exotic goods, flora, and fauna being transported between the colonies and Halann. Yet, at some point many millennia before even the Ruin, the trade appears to stop. It seems that the colonies, as a collective, sealed the portals from the other side, perhaps having grown tired with Halannic rule. With the ceasing of interplanetary trade, it appears that the Pillar slowly fell out of use, until the Ruin itself, when it was destroyed along with the rest of the Precursor empire.  From these ruins, we have surely obtained several boons; already, artificers and mages alike discuss how best to adapt this portal technology to our own use, not to mention the masses of Precursor artifacts found lying within the subterranean ruins of the tower. Yet, one question arises in the minds of all who hear the tale of the Pillar; do the Precursors remain on other worlds? And, someday, will they see fit to return?
