It is finished. For months, the entire Federation has been up in arms, clinging to their traditions and refusing to acknowledge our rightful reforms. But today, the last rebellious Kinah were made to take heed, and now has finally come the time for the chiefs to be united one last time. For the first time, it is under the heat of the noon's sun that a crowd forms around the arguing chiefs. All are eagerly waiting for our ruler to speak up, both weary and curious of what the future might hold. "My people. Today is not simply the first of the Great Councils you are allowed to assist. It is the last time such a council will even be held in the Federation. It is a new beginning for all Haraf'ne." bellows our ruler to greet their keen audience. "When Da'kino came to power after the Flaming Sorrows, he found his home devastated and was desolated by the cycle of violence and despair of the Federation. In order to break out of this cycle, he decreed the unification of the Kinah under House Alas'gasidi. However, this was not enough. This cycle was inherent to the ancient Kinah system, which had not changed since the days of House Duadir'iilvitarn, and while many stood against our efforts to reform it, we weathered the storm just like any. Now, it is the Alas'gasidi's duty, as the bearers of the Paragon's will, not only to ensure the Haraf'ne never fall into such a cycle again, but to break our kin free from their own. Be they Mayte fighting over a mask, or Epednar murdered by those riverkin, we will bring them prosperity. Just as Da'kino intended." "After all the different Kinah have done to help House Alas'gasidi, you would simply take over the Federation for your own dynasty? Despite what you may think, you still need us, yet you would rather institute that barbaric ideal of a monarchy than accept this fact. Look at the small people: their technocrats are elected according to their merit; why should we not do the same?" exclaims the Leeti'haat leader, his message directed to the crowd as much as to our ruler. Every eye turns to our ruler, silently waiting for their response.
