When the sun set, our lord finally ascended the hill to join the others around the lit candles. All echelons of the court were present, from servants to administrators, and some of our lord's own family. Once our lord was sat within the circle, scholar Aahan produced a number of silk wrappings from his cloak and began to distribute them. The scholar then entered the center of the ring and spoke, "We have come far in our lessons. We have observed the celestial bodies, and I have shared knowledge of their hidden truths. We partook in herbal teas and debated our collective truths under the lamplight. Yet those are only two of the three paths you must tread. I will now light the incense. I ask you to look upon it, fall into its swirling form, and when ready, don your blindfold." Then there was a pause. "Let us begin." After the Starry Eye Scholar arrived, caste agnostic events like this sprang up throughout our country. Cities that had previously seen few devotees became hotspots overnight as the scholar taught new pupils of the hidden signs within celestial bodies and emphasized the threefold path to enlightenment. He encouraged debate, discussion, and meditation, such that all could find the inner, group, and outer knowledge that are the core of the threefold path. 

As the last candles began to sputter, the incense cones finally died out. One by one people removed their blindfolds; having finished their meditation; and waited for all to look upon the dim wicks. As our lord opened their eyes the scholar moved about the ring and asked everyone to share what they had learned over the past week. A page spoke fondly of the first lesson and a newfound understanding of the stars and their meanings. A diplomat enthuastically described her experience partaking in debate and collective growth during the second lesson. Then a blacksmith remarked on the newfound self realization they have discovered in this third lesson. Others spoke of various truths, until finally, the scholar turned to our lord and asked, "What is it that you have learned?"
