The steps they had elected to follow could almost have been made by a child, light and staggered as if skipping. As they marched after them, the world around seemed to grow lighter, brighter—the air more crisp, sweeter—yet at the same time less clear, shrouded in a mist.

“Captain, you think we’re getting close to the rift again?” a squeaky voice piped up behind him, surely the youngest among their company. “Shut up and keep your guard up,” Adarv hissed in reply, his eyes darting side to side.

“Now now. There’s no need for that. Come, sit.” A melodic tone issued from somewhere ahead; the shroud of mist parted to reveal a small cottage by a stream. It was almost like the material world here, temperate and tranquil. Outside the cottage sat a woman of stunning beauty, radiant like the sun, the lower half of her face obscured by a gentle veil.

The youngling made to step forward, but Adarv’s arm met his move. “Don’t. That’s her.”

“Oh come now, why be like that? I am no threat to you. The coven is broken already—I bear you no malice. In fact, I would like to help. I shall need a new home, and surely your realm would benefit from my support.” The woman's eyes twinkled, warm and earnest.

Adarv shook his head. He was too old, too faithful, to fall for such tactics. His hand moved to his sword—but the youngling's tongue was faster. “We’ll take it! What can you offer us?”

Beneath the veil, her smile curled cruelly. Without warning, light faded, and mist turned thick smoke. The youngling screamed, a wicked black light erupting from him. “He’s corrupt!” one of the others yelled, turning their blade on him, only to be met by another's parry.

Chaos erupted. Near blind in the dark, Awirenya fought Awirenya, each thinking the other foe. Beneath the maddened din, Adarv crawled forwards. Komina still sat at her table, her eyes aglow with Yrilak’s magic, veil torn and wicked, rotten teeth on full display. She smiled still as Adarv’s blade met her flesh, and the light in her eyes went dim.

Adarv’s ears must have betrayed him, for he could’ve sworn her last sound was a sigh of relief.
