The trolls were more numerous this way. Not that that was surprising to Adarv; he'd expected the most resistance here, but also the most reward. The entire shadow plane was a dreary place, but somehow the Hag lair they'd found put everything else to shame. Corpses littered the halls, not just those left by the Awirenya. Desiccated rib cages, severed heads, torn limbs—mostly troll—were scattered like discarded toys. 

They reached the final chamber, and Adarv held his breath. They could all feel it—the presence within. None could mistake the aura of such evil, and none could deny a little fear. Still, Amilak pushed at his back. He yelled the order to charge.

Blood, screams, chaos. Carnage from the moment they opened the door. A huge, hulking she-troll, impossibly tall and muscular, eyes alight with sadistic glee. Humans and Gnolls alike flew beneath its heavy swings. Adarv barely dodged, ducking under its tall frame, and circled around behind it. More of his men flooded the room, their bravery undiminished even as a fresh wave of the Hag’s dark power extinguished the lives of half a dozen of them. He struck across its back, a deep gash into its rough hide, and the monster screamed. He knew then they were going to win—there were too many of them, and she was too weak—to muster Yrilak’s dark will against them.

The other Awirenya seized the opportunity, opening fresh wounds that failed to heal, and the creature's form flickered. No longer was a troll before them, but a Hag.

"Why serve your empty God? What good has come to you from it, to be sent to this place to die? Follow me instead, and know what you have always longed for. Something true and real, a place to belong."

Hireet seethed, but her words rang with desperation. Adarv swung at her head. It was not a clean kill. It took him six full swings to sever it from her thick neck, and all the while she thrashed, another half dozen Awirenya piling in to restrain her. At last she fell, and he took the severed head off the bloodied ground, leaking a vile ichor which he thought green in color.
