"If one is to distinguish the great civilizations from the mundane, look to the builders." This quote is engraved on the mighty doors of the grand temple of the Sanadazjal, a colossal and unimaginable building. It stretches one thousand meters vertically and horizontally, pushing the limits of comprehension. The quote is attributed to an unknown leader of the ancient city-builders, but it doesn't fully capture the Sanadazjal today. Industry has been perfected, but Enuuk has not returned—so the Sanadazjal are looking beyond the physical.

In the inner sanctum of the grand temple, buried under a kilometer of artificial halls, the Sanadazjal have gathered their greatest scientists and engineers. They are studying the most potent artifacts from every continent of Halann and have already produced astonishing results. 

Today, the scientists have been captivated by a particular experiment. They stand watching an enormous, misshapen portal on the sanctum's far wall, taken from some forgotten Precursor ruin. A scientist gives an arcane command, and suddenly, a stone-hewn statue rises—a golem cast in Fangaulan style. The statue stands, walks to a colossal core of inscribed Aniwan and damestear, and hefts it effortlessly. A watching Hill Troll scoffs but gives a nod of respect.

The statue carries the boulder a ways, as the scientists watch with bated breath. Then, with a breathless heave, it hurls the boulder with all its might, straight at the portal. 

Just like before—just like the previous three hundred and eighty-five attempts to provoke a reaction—the portal flickers. The stone disappears. And yet, a difference— one of the scientists suddenly yells, excited and enraptured: "I see her, I see Enuuk! She is right there!"

The scientists rush to replicate the conditions, interrogating their colleague for everything he saw. But try as they might, another sighting was not forthcoming. After another few months, the portal was deemed a failure. And so the Sanadazjal moved on to their next experiment—and the search for Enuuk continued.
