It has been a long time since the City of Colors has seen such genuine mirth and revelry. The night sky is alight with a prismatic glow, magical lights brightening the sleeping world in a display of defiance to the sun itself. The Rainbow Bridge is at long last repaired, the great divide between north and south little more than a fleeting memory to those who celebrate atop it.  At the center of the bridge stands the restored Rainbow Hall, reconstructed into a theatrepalace far more spectacular than its original architects could have ever hoped to dream. Inside, thunderous applause fills the main stage as the second act of the Tragedy of Iochand concludes, the gnomish and halfling kingdoms setting aside their differences to unite against the Gawedi. Artificers, alchemists and artisans alike sell trinkets and wares in its auditorium, promising tokens to preserve the memory of this day until long after the brightest dyes have faded.  Outside, along the bridge, music fills the air as the revelers dance throughout the night. Nobility and commoners from all corners of the realm intermix, petty divides set aside for a single day. A visiting mage from the colonies shoots a shower of prismatic sparks into the air, causing a wave of elated cheers from the partygoers. Joyful farmers freely hand out the finest of their cider stocks, not worrying about the cost; this has always been the moment they were brewed for. The brick foundations rattle under the pounding of feet, but the bridge has been built far too sturdy to ever fall again.  On both sides of the river the houses of Viswall lay empty, their residents filling the streets and alleys in hopefilled merriment. Each block has a party of its own, welcoming both neighbor and traveler alike. The locals swap food and stories with visitors from around the realm, and strangers embrace as if they were lifelong friends. Halfling or gnome, kobold or human, elf or whatever else, it made no difference; all are family on this day of celebration.  For so long, the City of Colors had suffered under the smothering boot of the Lorentish and Gawedi. For so long, it had dreamed of being free. Now, it finally is.
