Whispered murmuring spread throughout the theatrecourt's audience as the head judge returned to his seat at center stage. The defendant, Tando Bigbrain himself, stood wrapped in an almost comically excessive number of chains that left him seemingly incapable of movement. Despite his insurmountable defeat, Tando's brilliant blue eyes still shone with a fiery passion, his mouth curled in a cocky smirk.  "Order." spoke the judge, banging his gavel. The audience fell into an anticipatory silence. "Tando Bigbrain. You stand accused of the crimes of sedition and high treason against Iochand. However, the widespread appeal of this revolt shows an underlying discontent with Iochander rule, so the crown has indicated it will be more receptive to hearing out any concerns in the future. As such, you will simply be forced to attend a theatre play every day for a total of five years in order to get a greater appreciation for Iochander culture."  "What?." Despite his heavy chains, Tando whirled around to face the judge, his expression changing to pure rage. Excited murmurs rose from the audience. "All this destruction and upheaval, and you still insist on giving me some silly punishment? If you won't take me seriously, I'll make you."  Thunder crackled through the court as the gnome's skin began to warp and grow, his clothes shifting to a mass of resplendent blue scales. The audience gasped as wings and a tail began to sprout from his back, shattering the chains restricting him. Suddenly, a blast of lightning threw him to the floor, and his transformation began to forcibly reverse. He struggled in confusion for a moment before glancing up, understanding beginning to dawn on his face.  The judge was standing up at his table, his arm extended, his expression a look of disappointment. His eyes glowed with blue flame, though it quickly faded. "It was a good try, Calonthiak, but I'm always a step ahead. Bailiff?"  The audience erupted into a rapturous standing ovation as the defeatedlooking Tando was dragged offstage, so loud that it could be heard throughout the entirety of Bloopalaasd.
