PROCLAMATION TO THE SUBJECTS OF IOCHAND  The restoration of the Kongdoum of Iochand should herald a time of great celebration, but it should also be a time to reflect upon what it truly means to be an Iochander. It is the pursuit of cultural innovation that has made Iochand truly unique in the world. However, such innovation can be stalled by unnecessary commitment to archaic regional identities. How can one be expected to uphold a cultural union if, for example, one believes a Reverian to be fundamentally different from a Lencori? Aside from the general unrest and the penalties to taxation, recruitment, and conversion that will inevitably arise, this will also undermine the true definition of what it means to be an Iochander. THEREFORE:  In the interest of promoting unity, a new CULTURE GROUP shall hereby be established to contain all Iochander cultures. All cultures within this group shall be considered ACCEPTED, and others shall be considered NONACCEPTED. Persons not assimilated into an accepted culture, along with their children shall be provided with a full education into Creek Gnome cultural achievements, including courses in Gnomish (and Common, if necessary). In addition, they shall receive THREE (3) complimentary tickets to performances of any classical play at the theatretemple of their choice. Further tickets must be paid for in full. Please note that attendance of these plays will be considered a MANDATORY furthering of one's cultural education; any who refuse to attend will be made to do so by force. Heckling of these plays is hereby PROHIBITED until one has been fully Iochandized.  The following ACCEPTED CULTURES shall compose the IOCHANDER CULTURE GROUP: Creek Gnome Iochander Creekfoot Halfling Dragonmask Kobold Moon Elf Ruby Dwarf  Our ruler personally wishes you the best of luck in your pursuit of Iochandization. Remember that Iochand and its people welcome all with open arms; no matter your heritage, we are all merely actors in this great play of a Kongdoum. We wish for nothing more than to help you discover the role that's right for you.
