In all the wide lands that centaurs call home, centaur communities are not usually known for their villages. Indeed, many shamans believe that the process of sedentarization involved with urbanization is an insult to Irdaeos. It is strange, then, to find such a bustling centaur metropolis in our capital. It's not a city of sturdy buildings and stone roads, of course, but of fragile, hastily assembled tents. A few days ago this city did not exist, and in a week's time it will be gone. For now, though, this labyrinth of tents might be the most hectic and vibrant festival on the continent. Outside his tent, a scarred, elderly warrior tells stories of battle and heroism, while children listen with a mix of horror and wonder. Elsewhere around a bright bonfire a dozen drunken centaurs erupt in laughter at a poorly told joke that would make any sober man roll their eyes. And everywhere, no matter where you go, is the inescapable thunder of a thousand centaurs moving at once, as people gallop to find their friends, grab another drink, or simply for the sake of running. In the center of this hurricane of festivities is the Caehn's Hill, with your tent at the top and with a full view of the camp. "Our lord approaches. Quiet. Calm." Festival bacchants, scattered around multiple clan fires and tents, cluster along the central thoroughfare as you trot in procession to your clan's pavilion. Young children peer past their parents curiously, elders from allied clans nod approvingly over the festival's grandeur, and antsy centaurs eye the chilled drink and sizzling food with yawning appetites. You straighten up midstep, your heart swelling with pride at how your people will feast well. You center yourself at the tent threshold in full view of all inside and out. Matriarchs and patriarchs, each a pillar of your clan, wait over wool cushions with great pageant. A feast fit for twice as many present adorns the room's shallow tables, the furniture ideally sized for a resting centaur. A straggling cough, a nervous tail whish, a flustered servant fumbling a pitcher; all hush as you step inside, the lush carpet muffling your hooves. Taking your place at the head of the table, a trusted shaman weaves a wind that carries your voice across the entire festival. "Summoned guests and treasured allies," you extend your arms up, "just as Naegol beckoned all beneath the sky, so too do I, our lord of our realm, call upon the government to support me in this perilous task." You pause, and a delayed chuckle echoes from the entire Ordsiwyn congregation: a joke well landed. You gesture to the food, resuming your call to festivity. "With great honor, I grant Irdaeos' boons to all assembled. Just as in the days of our forerunners, so too today, and to the fields of Ik Magthaal." A horn accompanies your speeches conclusion, and like a herd's charge, a cheer ripples to all in attendance. As the music flares, centaurs leap to their stores and feasts, tucking into seats or laying around their communal bonfires. Before dawn, the party eats its weight in morsel and drink.
