As the sun gallops across Ik Maghtaal above in endless beauty, the clans of our people mature in all segments of being. In your people's eyes, it is not enough to merely exist; no, you grow, you struggle, you revel, you ache, you weep. A our lord should know this truth well, after all. With motivation set in your mind, you train for the Maslekh's Rite of Strength in the preceding weeks, your every bead of sweat and quivering tendon aiming to burn as brightly as the sun. A dry haze settles over a dirt ring flattened by a procession to make holy. Several centaurs, men and women both, set their minds on the challenges ahead, trying to ignore the odor of sweat and dust that thickens in the air. Assorted iron weights, chiseled boulders, logs as long as four centaurs, and hempen rope tetethers litter the space, each ready to mark and measure. Shamans initiate their calls to challenge, cradling vases that slosh with fine oils. At the shaman's word, the participants scoop earth from between their front legs, letting the dry soil coat their bare hands. With great respect, you join in the gesture, letting the caked earth coat your palms; You will need the grip for the challenges ahead. "Irdaeos no doubt blesses us with such sturdy stock," a shaman announces to all arrayed. "You will blaze like a wildfire. Of that I have no doubt." The opening ceremony complete, you and your competition buck to action, hoisting, dragging, and lifting the objects in sequence. Where a simple grip fails, you let your broad shoulders or broader back take the load, and when you cannot lift, you drag with rope tetethers, straining with every ounce of might as your trail plows the earth. Over the hours, centaurs buckle and falter, but before long, the winners stand tall above the rest. Brows drenched, muscles aching, and lungs ablaze, the gathered crowds cheer as shamans empty their vases onto each participant, the glistening oil glistening cooling their quivering forms. In the sun's rays, you sparkle brightly: a sure sign of your vigor.
