The fires, the screams, the stench of blood and burning flesh; Zelussa Denazuir did her best to push these unsettling sensations to the farthest corner of her mind and focus on her duties. As a freshly minted knight of the Order of the Zenith, she was tasked with securing this market square at the junction of several major thoroughfares against any straggling heretic militants who might attempt to break through the lines and escape beyond the walls of Medurubar. Yet what approached her and her troop were not maddened fanatics screaming for blood, but desperate people, panicstricken eyes shining out of faces covered in soot and blood, dragging their vacanteyed children and weeping elders with them. A silent exchange transpired between Zelussa and her warriors, and without a word she and her second in command dragged open a passage through the barricade, letting the desperate survivors of what would soon be called the Purge of Medurubar vanish into the night.  The fires, the screams, the stench of blood and burning flesh; Zelussa Denazuir knew better than to waste effort on a futile attempt to ignore them, acknowledging but not letting them distract her from her duties. As marshal of the Order of the Zenith, it was her task to oversee the systematic eradication of any remaining resistance in the mountain fastness of AzkaszelParkellu. Foolish as they were, the most stubborn amongst the misguided peasantry eking out an existence in the mountain valleys of the sad Kuz have sought refuge behind the walls of the notorious seat of the sebhuliam instead of peacefully surrendering to their rightful new Irrliami overlords. Yet unlike more than two hundred years ago, this time there would be no misplaced mercy for those who walked the path of heresy. The troops under her command were firm in their convictions, having seen what bitter harvest the surviving ancestors of these fanatics had brought upon the lands of Bahar. Elves and humans alike butchered and tormented simply for staying true to the doctrines of the Council of Brasan. They were utterly determined to draw out the poison of heresy from this wounded land, and key to that goal was lancing those boils of pestilence that were the strongholds of the sebhuliam. This time, zeal would triumph over mercy…
