The mages of Istralore had gathered together, preparing to perform their spell. A work of this caliber required many hands and intense concentration to make it successful. They were going to scry into the past, and show an entire room filled with nobility the images in real time. This was ambitious, even for a collective of mages in one of the strongest realms in the Empire, but the nobles were adamant. They needed to see how the 4th Lilac War had ended; they needed to see its final moments.

The mages began, and the scrying began, a magical recreation of the past appearing before all the nobles gathered. Suddenly they were shown Anbenncóst, the space before the Dove Throne itself. Several of the nobles gasped as they saw the figure standing before it: Adenn Silmuna, Emperor of Anbennar, Archduke of Dameria, and leader of the Moon Party in the Lilac War. Across from him, in a dueling stance, was Lothane sil Wex III, the Usurper. This was it.

The duel began, both men trained warriors of incredible skill, launching into a battle worthy of all the great heroes of legend. Though they knew it was just a magical recreation, several of the Istralorian nobles found themselves cheering their Emperor on as he fought for his life. Then, as if spurred on by the cheers from the future, the recreation of Adenn struck a blow; Lothane lost his footing. That one mistake was all Adenn needed, placing his sword to Lothane’s neck. He had won, and he was allowing Lothane to see his victory before he died.

The image grew shaky, as even the mages were unnerved. Adenn won? Impossible. He was the one who had lost his life that night – how did Lothane survive from here? Suddenly, Adenn cried out as he was stabbed, a sword skewering him from behind. The sanctity of the duel had been broken, Adenn felled by a cowardly strike from a third man, one who intervened to save Lothane. Erlan Silmuna, Marquis of Wesdam. As Adenn’s life began to fade, so did the spell. However, before the dying emperor’s eyes, Lothane got to his feet, reclaimed his weapon, and stuck it through the man who gave Adenn his mortal blow, tying up any loose ends.
