Ebbusubtu. The Mountain of Clear Sight, where Surael's truth was first revealed to Jaddar. If there was ever a piece of Halann where Surael's will could be visible to the naked eye, it would be here. And so, it is atop this mountain where the two Divine Heralds meet face to face.  Two devout followers of the Jadd stand across from one another, their retinues left behind at the foot of the mountain. One, a Harimari clad in a Halessisilk rendition of Jaddar's own garb, the other, a Desert Elf in the uniform of a Bulwari High PriestGeneral. Each carries a sword: The Harimari, one of Ghankedheniforged steel, the Elf, a curved sabre of Harpy Hills iron. One smiles, wellrested from their time in bed with an Elaienna harpy the night before; the other furrows their brow, recalling their discussions about the way forward with eunuch advisors until long after the sun had set.  They stand facing one another, the light pouring down upon them both. It is noon: the sun far above fully radiant, resplendent, triumphant, and glorious. It is all Surael's might, contained in one shining orb. One sun, in one sky, above two heralds. And perhaps that reminder of unity, that hearkening back to Kondranas, was what did it.  One of them, it matters not who, begins to intone the noontime prayers. The other soon joins in, each repeating the words they had spoke every day since childhood. By speaking in His voice, intoning His praise, Surael's Heralds are each reminded of the duty He demands of them: to work towards His purpose, to reign with His wisdom, to act in accordance with His dignity.  The Deioderan, the fiery dance, accomplished that. The Deioderan, the brutal civil war that left thousands dead and stained the desert sand, fertile ground, and mighty river red with blood, did not.  Now, a new conflict begins, one fought in the battlegrounds of meeting tables and planning rooms. It will have its own strategic maneuvers, and its own brilliant generals. Yet, above all, there will be peace.
