Peoples of the assembly. We have gathered today to speak of absurdities. A sickness that, if my opponents were to have their way, would engulf the entire federation in madness and chaos, as we plunge into tyranny. We, the people, would become mere pawns in their games of power, sacrificed at a whim. And for what? For what would your children be torn apart, to be harvested like animals.? For what would the graves of our ancestors be desecrated, to be made into eternal slaves.? For what would your loved ones"  "Enough. The mages of our nations, of our federation, have fought, bled, and suffered just like us. They stood with us during the incursion. Their designs and marvels of creation have saved countless thousands. Just look at Yikashlay. A fortress city shaped by the hands of magic. You speak of their tyranny, but what of their deeds of good? Will you praise them? Or are they to pay reparations for crimes they never committed?"  "Calm chancellor, the rage pounded against magic is, in part, justified. Magic is power, and any power can lead to corruption of the mind. I hope you know that just as well as I do? Should magic return to our lakes, it will have a significant influence over the lives of all, mages or not. For magic is like politics: power for the privileged few. For our federation to continue, for it to grow, and for it to move forward, magic ought not to lead but follow. Through proper oversight, we will build trust. Through that trust, we will form a real bond of compassion with the people of the federation. And through that bond, we will finally earn forgiveness. I understand what I am sentencing myself, and my kin to. But to guarantee peace, to guarantee hope, and unity, this must be done. It is a sacrifice I think we all should be willing to make."  Our years of gathering information, and assessing the situation has not been in vain. By capitalising on the situation before us we could turn the tide in our favour. The only question that remains is: what path lies before us?
