The Fateweaver's chambers seemed to swallow up even the Emperor of Taychend. A great diamond-jewel, whose damasteal glow bathed the mammoth chamber in blood. Tendrils of gilded cords, studded with arcane light, held aloft a ward-shielded skeleton, its skull wrenched permanently upwards. Erankar found his body moving of its own accord, ascending the steps that led to the Fateweaver's corpse. Laskaris had stood at this very spot, learning the date of his demise, learning his destiny. In his heart, Erankar knew he craved the guidance given to the Kheionai and Olhokar before him. The certainty. He could forge his own path, he could claw and bite his way through all adversity, but he could never know what was around the corner. Olhokar had gone to the grave knowing his sacrifice would save his empire. Laskaris had died with ultimate surety, exactly when he knew he would. Erankar would die knowing nothing—unless he forced Fate to tell him the truth. Soon, he stood before the Fateweaver, his palm an inch away from her skeletal face. An inch, and he would know of his and his empire's future. Endless possibilities ran through his mind—futures of triumph, defeat, glory, horror, disappointment. Each gave him something, anything, to give his life more meaning than he'd given it. Each a frame, a place in a wider whole. A binding. A prison.

Erankar yanked his hand away—willed himself to step back, until at last the full enormity of Fate was in his sight. If he had placed his hand upon her cheek—if he had seen—then he would have made his life a prisoner. A slave to history, a piece in the board of all that is not him. No, that wouldn't do. Not after giving the Taychendi the ability to carve out their own destiny. Not after claiming that right for himself.

Erankar turned his back on the oracle. He was not Laskaris. He was not Olhokar. He was Erankar, Warlord of Warlords! Answerable to no elf nor god nor force of fate. Until his dying breath, he would fight for his own legacy, a destiny of his own making.
