The courtyard was resplendent in early summer, the same blooming mandrakes and nightshades that decorated the amphitheater as every year. The Dean was the same Dean that had stepped up to the podium every year now for many years, and he did so with the same characteristic stiffbackedness that had defined so many of his predecessors. Every year there was the same crowd of students in their bright, pristine graduation robes, their caps decorated in such individually unique styles that they paradoxically merged together into the same variegated melange. Every year the same crowd was there to greet them: parents and professors, alumni with wheelchairs and walkingsticks. The Dean cleared his voice, and this time no noises bothered his introduction. "Good morning," he began, "to our distinguished faculty, our esteemed guests, and to the graduating class of this year." A round of polite applause. "Our Academy is honored to have played host to such a uniquely marvelous class of students. For this is a class that redefined magical theory, that contributed magnificently to the legacy and honor of the school, excluding one infamous incident, of which we shall not speak." A wave of laughter across the crowd as the Dean made a show of straightening his robes. "Nevertheless, you have persevered. Through examinations and theses and the occasional sleepless night, you have overcome every challenge our Academy had to offer. And you shall persevere onwards, into the next stages of your magical careers, into postings at home and abroad, as officers and diplomats." Two young men in the audience grinned ear to ear, as though the Dean were speaking directly to them. And for a moment, as the speaker's eyes traversed the crowd, the three of them locked gazes, a smile overtaking the older gentleman's weatherworn expression. "Make no mistake. You are incorrigible. Impossible. Entirely unforgettable, and utterly brilliant. Go out there and make some mayhem." The Dean stepped back off the podium, and the crowd erupted in cheers.
