A charge at terminal velocity, a dancing dodge, a counter-strike, perfect. Not enough—another go. Skill and experience met vicious spite and older hatred. Both were exhausted, shattered. Still, they fought. Still, the crowd grew. The Dead watched their execution.

Ecaris broke the Kamrayakval's assault, sending him retreating into a burst of steam and smoke. The Herald advanced, cautious—then an explosion of untrained magic from a hidden figure. Ecaris raised his blade, but another roiling blast sent him reeling. Then the Dragon twirled out of the mist, whirlwind lunging high, crashing down. Ecaris' guard shattered, as his foe landed and lunged, twin-blades ready to gore. A quick-cast batted one away. The other pierced his gut. Ecaris staggered backwards—disbelieving, as the Kamrayakval made to step away. Then a false memory: Corin standing before Korgus, apocalypse nigh. To the end, a hero. Beyond it, an example. The weakest smile, then grim determination. Hope did not ride alone.

In one, sudden movement, Ecaris drove his Wishblade high. Silverspite's eyes went wide, as for an instant he understood. 

Then, the crack of gunfire cut through the storm. A shudder ran through Ecaris, choking his last Wish. His body crumpled. Silverspite dropped his last blade, catching him. Glancing down, he saw the ruin of his spine where the bullet struck—and up, to see a simple soldier in the crowd, matchlock raised. One by one, the civilians in the crowd dispersed, fading away, phantom-like. They left only the soldiers. A small, sputtered cough, full of blood, was all that announced Ecaris' survival, rapidly fading.

The Kamrayakval laid him across the ground. A vacant whisper came from beneath the bloodied pale gold of Ecaris' helmet. "Why...?" He whispered, looking high in the sky. Silverspite silently followed his gaze. "Why, Sarnagir...?" But the Phoenix was not there.

Elrandar turned back, crying a whisper, almost giddy: "Now you know! Now you know...!" And the Herald's eyes hollowed, and Ecaris died.

The soldiers approached their master, eventually. Wrath written clear in their expressions. The Kamrayakval gave them the only orders they needed, whispering quietly as he stared down at the body beside him. They understood it completely nonetheless.
