Our lord sat uncomfortably in our seat as notables from across the country gathered in the great hall. There were generals, powerful merchants, noble landowners, and warlords – they had gathered to discuss the war, the Kamrayakval, and now, while famine gripped the nation, they would feast for their eventual victory. Four great tables had been set up there, at the heart of our capital, while our lord sat at the dais, his family and closest advisors by his side. One of those advisors was leaning in close, telling our lord about some important detail or other. But our lord ignored him. Ignored the toasts and lively conversations within the hall, the wine and festivities. Instead, our lord was focused on one of the guards, who stood by the great doors at the very far end of the hall. There were hundreds of guards, of course. But this one wore a scarf around his neck. Some of the others did, but his was more... bulky? Ominous in its bulkiness. An ominous scarf, yes. And the hint of silver hair beneath his helmet. Plenty of Taychendi had silver hair, our lord knew. This silver hair, though – it made him shiver.

The guard stepped forward, out of his position. Our lord paled, feeling a wave of sheer incomprehensible terror run down his spine. The other guards were looking at him now too, though the attendees were still in their cups and plates. The "guard" seized a wine cup from one of the servers next to him. Raised it up high. Then smiled.

A flash of light. An explosion of smoke, steam. The Kamrayakval emerged from the dust. Then chaos. Our lord could barely comprehend what had happened – only that blood and steel and screams and death had consumed the world. The guards and any attendee with a weapon were advancing on the dragon-clad beast in front of them – and Elrandar Silverspite was cutting them down in waves. Eviscerating those who tried to flee, those who tried to stand, those who couldn’t quite make it in time – working his way towards our lord and leaving a bloody trail of mutilated elven bodies in his wake, men and women and guards and nobles and notables and officers and more. Our lord had jerked to his feet, pushed the table away from him – but our lord only had the time to utter one command to the guards by his side.
