Silverspite twirled the twin blades in his hands with practiced ease. He crouched in a tree line to the right of the battlefield, watching as his formation halted before the enemy ranks—exchanged fire. The last battle of the war. Volley and countervolley devastated both sides—though his own forces were taking the brunt of it. No matter. Let them die—he'd repay it in kind, twice over and more.

The Kamrayakval took a deep breath, rose, then felt his stomach turn as gravity itself flipped upside-down. The sight of battle became the sight of leaves and branches, then open sky. He knew the enemy saw him, a dark star rising against the blue of day. 

The Kamrayakval picked up speed as he ascended, tumbling into a ball—then he turned the world again. Aimed himself at the enemy battleline. Dived. Faster and faster, he picked up speed and strength and sheer velocity. The wind whipped through him, plate turning red with heat. Silverspite stretched out his arms, sabres flashing, then twisted his body into a controlled spin. He glimpsed the enemy break at his descent. It didn't matter. When he neared the ground, he turned gravity once more, then again, up to slow his fall then forwards to propel him into a charge.

Contact. He heard screams, frantic shouting. Saw limbs and guts and heads and gore fly as he eviscerated his way through the enemy line at terminal velocity, a whirlwind of death, unstoppable, invincible. Blood splashed against his visor, his armour, but he didn't need to see to destroy. His blades hungered, and so the Dragon consumed.

He turned gravity up, then down, then up, rising into the air in a controlled ascent, blades like wings as he spread his arms to slow his upwards fall. He saw through bloodied eyes the remains of his charge. How many had he killed? Thousands? Tens of thousands? His soldiers surged forwards, charging over a field of broken corpses, of mutilated bodies, elves dead or wishing they were. Silverspite smiled, aimed his body at the fleeing enemy, then turned gravity again. The Kamrayakval's war was over. He had won.
