Don’t hold back. Don’t think about her. Do what you have to do and don’t look back. They took her from you. They all deserve what you’re going to give them and more. They murdered her. Don’t think about her. They’ve only got themselves to blame. They murdered her. Don’t think—

The Kamrayakval burst into the Kavalakuttam chamber. Gasps from the Kavalali. Some rose, probably to offer meaningless condolences. Thinking on their feet, of course—nobody thought he’d be here, now, so soon, with the wrought-iron stomp of his crushing boot. Even so, they probably thought he’d stop at the center, talk talk talk. But Silverspite was done talking. The Kamrayakval marched to the front row of benches, to a High Kavalal with a braided beard. The Kavalali gasped again when Silverspite grabbed the high priest by the forehead and slammed his head into the marble chamber floor—shrunk back at the metallic, primordial growl that emanated from his armor as he did it. Today, the Dragon shared his pain.

Silverspite hoisted the Kavalal up. Ok. Time to talk. The visor snapped around. “WHO ELSE?!” The voice from beneath seemed clad in iron, inhuman. The Kavalakuttam were stunned silent. Not good enough. Silverspite twisted his body and slammed the Kavalal’s head against the ground again. Another draconic snarl as he dragged the priest up. The near-corpse issued a pitiful half-conscious whimper. “WHO ELSE BETRAYED ME?!” No answer. The rumbling laugh surprised even Silverspite. “So that’s how it is…?” He searched the rows of warlord-priests. “Every day I come in here… schemes and plots, dissent and discontent… and for what? Who do you think you serve…?” Another laugh, dry, grim. Obliterated by sudden rage. “MY WILL IS NAYIRU’S! MY MISSION DIVINE! AND WHAT,” he looked to the Kavalal, “IS THE PUNISHMENT FOR BLASPHEMY?!”

And then he thought about her. Velara’s voice cut through the Dragon’s vice-grip, a phantom pain. For an instant, the abyss opened up beneath him once more. Then “Elrandar!” came a cry from the crowd. Silverspite turned, smiled weakly as he saw Ceboranbu looking down, horrified. Saw the innocent loyalty. The foolish concern. He didn’t want to hear the latter. He turned back to the traitor. She was loyal, too.
