A charge at terminal velocity, a dancing dodge, counter-strike and riposte. Not enough—another go. Skill and experience met vicious spite and older hatred. Both of them were exhausted, shattered. Still, they fought. Still, the crowd grew. Ecaris broke the Kamrayakval's assault, sending him retreating into a burst of steam and smoke. The Herald advanced, cautious—then an explosion of untrained magic from a hidden figure. Ecaris raised his blade, but another roiling blast sent him reeling. Then the Dragon twirled out of the mist, whirlwind lunging high, crashing down. Ecaris' guard shattered, as his foe landed and lunged, twin-blades ready to gore. A quick-cast batted one away. The other pierced his gut. Ecaris staggered backwards, disbelieving—the Kamrayakval made to step away. Then a false memory: Corin standing before Korgus, apocalypse nigh. To the end, a hero. Beyond it, an example. The weakest smile, then grim determination. Hope did not ride alone. In one, sudden movement, Ecaris drove his Wishblade high—cried "DAZINKION!"—and wrought Dawn's Edge upon the Darkness. 

The Kamrayakval did not expect it. Full strength, point-blank, the sheer power of the Wish crushed him. His draconic plate warped and cracked, split and rebound itself and split again. Hidden fire shifted beneath the scales. Ribs shattered. Lungs collapsed. Ecaris fell, mortally wounded. As Silverspite dropped to a knee, the Dragon roared—an overpowering scream of scraping metal and ancient fury. But through it all, a staggered, rasping sound broke through. A broken laugh, terrible and triumphant. He had—

A thrown brick smashed the reverie. Silverspite crashed to his side, glanced up to see some petty labourer in the street. Eyes of hate. Eyes of courage. The Kamrayakval dragged himself up, half dead—snarled a gritted "Insolence—!" as he moved to kill. He did. And the Dead advanced despite it. "What?" He sputtered, as the crowd closed in. "Why...?!" And then surged, suddenly, a flood. "But I—?!" Shock. "I WON?!" Then murder. Silverspite killed hundreds as he lashed out. "I WON?!" But they didn’t stop. He tried to turn the world and rise, flee. They just pulled him down. "I'D WON—!" Pinned him down. "I'D—!" the Dragon seized him, suddenly—roared, writhed, raged, as the crowd pummeled its broken, battered scales.
