Placidineus sank back into his chair, kicked his boots up on the desk as he poured himself a glass of wine, and tried to ignore the growing unease in his stomach. Mysterious disappearances, ominous warnings... whispers of discontent. He thought back on who the culprit could be, recalling various political rivals or domestic troublemakers. Then a voice from the shadows—sharp, venomous, a bomb in the quiet office—"Corruption," the voice judged. "Murder. Extortion. Exploitation." Placidineus jumped out of his seat, stunned into sputtering shock. "Tyranny!" "W-Who is—?!" The Governor remembered the pistol in his desk, rushed to open the drawer—gasped when he found it empty. "How?!" A grim chuckle—and then the distinctive point of a saber, jabbing into his back. The Governor yelped as he twirled around—and a grinning, bearded elf stood tall over him. He tried to scream for his guards—the Taychendi didn’t let him. A thwack with the butt of the Taychendi’s sword, and Placidineus was clutching his jaw, tumbling backwards over his desk, crashing to the floor, writhing in pain. The assassin turned him over with his boot, steadied him, then thrust his saber forwards. "You're guilty of many crimes, Governor... and unfortunately for you, the bayonets of your soldiers will not save you from answering for them." Placidineus paled, his fate finally settling in. "I hear you are a fan of public executions—would you like to be known what that feels like?"

The militia had rushed into the square when they heard of the commotion, pushing through the crowd of gasping, gossiping onlookers, of stunned cries of disbelief, of panic and pandemonium. It didn’t take long for them to fall into it too, when they saw the cause of the chaos— their Governor, strung up on the temple gate, terror written on his pale face, and the bladed sun of the Oren Nayiru carved into his chest.

A message: for while the Oren Neraghul may strike from the shadows, the cause they serve—justice, freedom, vengeance—will never be thrust into the dark again.
