The arguing continued for three hours, before the lord found something that might break it. A promising high kavalal – stalwart in his beliefs – stood calmly, waiting to speak. The lord hushed the chamber so that he might. "My brethren... my siblings," the stalwart kavalal began. "I've thought about this for a long time... we all have, haven't we? We've been confronted by the limits of our understanding – we've felt like interlopers. Forced to open ourselves to new ideas, uncomfortable possibilities!" He gestured to his reticent friend, sitting across the chamber. "If what my colleague says is true – if our future is to campaign for centuries overseas, to bring dawn to even more people who don't understand what it means... how long can we go before we feel like interlopers and become interlopers!"

A glance at the monasticists. "There are those who say we already have..." 

A kavalalist stood up, now, outraged. "So you say we shy away from our duty? That we leave the slavers and tyrants overseas alone – let hundreds of millions toil in darkness forevermore? ABANDON DAWN?!"

The stalwart kavalal just shook his head. "Dawn is not conquest..." He looked to the monasticists. "Dawn is prosperity, and autonomy." To the kavalists. "Dawn is judiciousness, and reflection." To the kamrayakvalists. "Dawn is justice, and liberation." And to the invasion plans in his hands. "What must we do to achieve this goal? Stand above a broken, battered world, enforce a stringent doctrine on others by the sword, in the name of security refuse those we conquer freedom? That is not prosperity, or reflection, or liberation."

He looked around the chamber. "That is not dawn!"

"We could recover," the kavalalist argued, defiant as the kavalakuttam's mood turned at last. "Mend our frayed ideals!" Desperate, disbelieving. "Rebuild dawn anew, after we burn the world down!"

But his kamrayakval just sighed, stood, and spoke at last. "And why must we burn the world when we can change it on our terms? Why must we rebuild dawn when we never took the time to build it in the first place?"
