Ecaris Ecarizuir, the last Companion of Corin and Herald of Example, marched through the streets of Nanru Nakar. A thunderstorm raged, rain lashing against his Sunplate. Every flash of lightning illuminated the watching faces around him. Faces of hope, confusion, dread, anger. Still, the last Interloper marched, and glanced ahead at the Vanetavanem towering above – at the black shadow that stood high amongst the cracked grey-stone. When the shadow disappeared, Ecaris halted, readied himself – drew the Wishblade hanging on his back. 

A crack of thunder – then, an explosion of debris from behind him. The Kamrayakval fell from on high, an onslaught-in-wrought-iron, shattering the ground as he struck it. There was a primordial, metallic roar – as Ecaris turned to face him, the Kamrayakval emerged from the dust, unbothered despite the Dragon’s rage, blades hung low, murder in his stance. “So it begins…!” His voice was Mechanim-like. “Fate has shown me this moment – and lo –!” Silverspite gestured to the empty street. “YOU STAND ALONE! This is where your failures have taken you!”

“Alone?” Beyond the duelling ground, Ecaris saw the wrath of the Dead beyond, gathering strength. He smiled, weak. “You will see there are yet heroes left, Kamrayakval.” But it faded in an instant. “The other thing, though…? Sure. My failures have taken me here. I remember looking out over Corin’s corpse, an age ago… each of the Circle felt it their own fault. But you know what? I was different than them.”

He tightened his grip on Dazinkion, as the wrath crept into his voice. “Because if it had been me, standing before Korgus?” The next words were half a snarl. “I would have cleaved him in two.” Half a vow. “And Kalinzuir, you shall not escape my blade as he did!”

“Not my name!” Silverspite rattled a laugh fused with rage. “But who cares? It dies with you!” A sword struck out. “We will annihilate you so completely… bury the sickening taint of your self-righteousness, and your weakness, and your failure…! And all the world will know, from the Cliffs of Ruin to the shores of the Suran, from the break of dawn until the dying of the light, that what I did was necessary!” The Kamrayakval turned the world, rose against the rain – “That what I did was right!” – and charged.
