Much of Orenvalyam still followed the Herald’s descriptions of the vast jungle to the north as a manifestation of the Dark. The Effe’i Chieftess, far-travelled and perhaps allowed to do so by the jungle itself, stood before the Kavalakuttam to give a different perspective. "I know our Goddess is intimidating... that the Blooming is a dire threat," she began, "but please, you must understand her—understand us! She only resorts to these measures because of how the outsiders have encroached on it! They fear, and so they destroy, and you must not join them! You have not travelled through our home, seen the beauty beneath the canopy. It is a rich tapestry, unending in its complexity and brilliance. Yes, the Goddess sends its trials, its terrors... but it does not test us without also rewarding us! Invigorating water suddenly springing from the ground, the succulent fruits of the jungle suddenly blooming at your approach! You would slay that which has given us life, and reduce our home to a charred waste!"

A Kamrayakvalist just shook his head, disbelieving. "I have heard other stories, too—of how the Thavoi’i were constantly tested by the jungle, and the Lai’i sent on withering hunts. What tests have you suffered compared to them?" The Chieftess shot back: "Your people do not know what was lost!" But a Kavalalist now joined in as well. "How could we, when if we tried we'd be torn apart by a jungle beast? And, also, did the Orwai’i not know what they were 'losing'? Did the Dugui’hi, chased from their home by the Effelai’s agents, not lose themselves?" "And," added the Kamrayakvalist, "those Seedthralls... have their corpses not also quite literally been enslaved?"

"The plight of the Seedthralls is a terrible one, yes." But a Monasticist, an archmage of renown, now too spoke up. "But must we then burn down this woman's home too, destroy that which is so vital to her? And then what? Her people will hate us, so do we convert them by the sword? Or do you not expect them to survive the process?" The Kamrayakvalist just shrugged: "How else could we break the tyrant-jungle's hold over them?" The Chieftess cried out now, indignant: "We are not Seedthralls! Our Goddess is not a tyrant!" The Monasticist followed: "And perhaps... there may be a way to show this Goddess that she does not rule alone?"
