Kriadvai threw up at the sight. Katelperai paled at the carnage, obscured as it was by the grey stormclouds above. After Ecaris had raised Dazinkion, and the watching, raging, desperate crowd had piled in, the Kamrayakval's soldiers had tried to cut their way to their master themselves. But even as they were massacred from the rear, cut down in waves by shot and sabre, the crowd had not broken – the Taychendi climbed over their mutilated comrades to finish what was started. Now, the dead piled high in the streets, blood washing away with the rain. "There must be thousands of them..." Royakottar trembled, incredulous. "By all the gods, tens of thousands!" "Quickly, now." An armoured Mlerek said, as he brought his own troops up. "We must secure the body."

Silverspite lay lifeless in his scorched and broken armour, covered in gore, the murder weapon – a work tool, a long chisel – still rammed through his visor. Beside him lay a broken thing of flesh, slashed with pale gold: Ecaris, trampled beyond recognition. The Kamrayakvalists stood over their master's lifeless body, shocked silent, trembling with sorrow and trepidation. Some wept.

When the High Kavalali arrived, one of the officers instantly turned on them with accusatory rage. "Traitors!" he called. "You sicced the coloniser on him! We should cut you down!" But they didn't. The rest of the Kamrayakvalists just watched. Their spirits had been broken by their failure.

"He acted alone," Katelperai lied, simply. "But it doesn’t matter. Silverspite ruled as a tyrant. Desecrated the sanctity of the Kavalakuttam. Defied Nayiru’s will." The Kamrayakvalists just shrunk back at the denunciation – outside the city, their comrades would not be so ashamed.

"But this is the beginning of a new age – one where Orenvalyam is carried on the shoulders of all, not one!" A nod to Mlerek, and he brought the troops up, to take possession of Ecaris and the Kamrayakval, to consign both to history, where they belonged.

The High Kavalali of Katelperai watched them work, in grim silence. Then, high above, a shifting void in a person's shape caught the corner of his eye. A moment of confusion, as he turned to look – but a blink, and he could see her no more.
