In the heart of Anbenncóst, the Empire of Anbennar gathered before the Dove Throne. The ruler, flanked by Orda Aldresia guards, watched as the princes filtered in—eyeing those who had enriched themselves off the suffering of others. Occasionally, he glanced up to check if all was well. Eventually, when all had arrived, he stood. "I know what you are all concerned about," he said, using his monarch's voice as best he could. "The assassinations across our realm and beyond—the chaos in Lorent and the Dragon Coast—but let me reassure all of you—there is nothing to fear!" That was why this meeting had been called, after all. "Because even if we all drop dead tomorrow, we all deserve it!"

Some shock, some concern. Mostly disbelief. The ruler clenched his fist tight. "Who among us, after all, has not abused our power? Wielded the forces of magic to crush dissent?" Laughter. They must have thought he was joking. "Who has not drained the world of its resources? Exploited, colonized?" He turned back to the Dove banner above. But the sorrow in his voice was not a joke—and gradually, the princes realized. "Where is unity, when we squabble amongst ourselves? Where is equality, when it comes to the orcs and the Ruinborn, brutally subjected...?"

Nobody was laughing anymore. "Madness!" A prince called. The ruler just chuckled as he turned around. "Mad? You hear those words and think madness. Are they mad to the subjugated Amadians or the Vanburians? To those trafficked through Vertesk, or shipped to Silverforge? You, my friends..." He looked around the chamber hall. "You are the mad. You are the blind. And today, I will open your eyes."

The ruler snapped his fingers, and he was no longer the ruler. They could have heard the surprised cries back in Taychend. For above the Dove Throne, Emperor Galien I's lifeless body lay tangled in the banners, the spear-shafted banner of Orenvalyam running through his heart. The Taychendi below, armored in black-and-gold, smiled as he threw off his glamour and drew his sword—and the "Orda knights" in the hall around him did the same. The Vairaghul called to the crowd once more.
