Devand: A soldier pulls the writhing prisoner up, drags his blade across their throat. They struggle for a moment, before they die. He throws the corpse into the mass grave, and moves on to the next.

Verten: An orc works at her farm in peace, the scars from the shackles once placed on her finally healing. Her child runs past her, waves. For the first time in so long, she feels hope.

Katelperai: A girl tries to quiet her sobs in her hiding place. Above, the soldiers are hacking her mother apart—the woman’s last cry is for her dead husband. The girl prays for the Kamrayakval to save her. She doesn’t know he ordered it.

Tirsin: An aged veteran gathers his grandchildren around him. They love to hear Old Ranbu’s stories. This time, he tells them of how the Kamrayakval had personally saved his life, so long ago. How, side by side, they had fought for Dawn. For a better world.

Elrandar Silverspite was in Nanru Nakar, again, sitting on the throne of the old Mudaliars. He stared down at the helmet in his hands. A face he hardly recognised was reflected in the pale gold—eyes darkened, iron-slag creeping across his skin, filling his scars. He did not often wear the armour in its collared form, now; the Dragon was a second skin. That was true in more ways than one these days.

He turned the helmet—noticed the shifting shadow watching from behind the throne. A grimace, then an explosion of steam and smoke. When it cleared, the Kamrayakval held only the crumpled remnant of a vanquished enemy. How it should be.

He stood, walked through the vast throne room, towards the waiting city. Passed his guards, his Company. Still loyal, after all these years. A rarity, of course. They saluted him as he marched by—a smile passed his lips.

At last, Silverspite stepped into the day, to his army, arrayed before him, hundreds of thousands filling the street where he had won his greatest victory. To them, he was no villain… he was their saviour. Not the Herald of Apocalypse, but of Dawn. He liked that. They both did.
