Our lord and their warriors strode towards the Gates of the Temple of Vehasha. Their catapult-bombardment had broken the walls, scattered the defenders on the parapets. But our lord knew there would be more inside. Our lord smiled as our lord stepped past the smoke, and a dozen elves—elite warriors all—rushed at our lord. The lord hefted the Hammer of Anathazhilan in our lord's hands, and swung wide as the first guards approached. The whoosh of air—then the hammering of bone. Smash and crack and scream! Our lord bellowed a mighty laugh as three elves fell to a single blow. Battle, blood, victory— at last, only a single elf stood before the Trickster’s statue, and the cowering high priestess at its base. He was clad in Precursor Steel—the captain of her guard. "HAHAHA!" Our lord thundered. "A GLORIOUS TRY—!" The guard raised his saber to strike. "—BUT NOT ENOUGH!" Swing, smash—then piercing, wailing, primordial scream, as the elf’s silver-steel breastplate burst apart. The shattering shards shredded the captain’s chest, blood and bone bursting from his back. 

The Rakulacan warrior stepped aside as the captain’s body fell, lifeless. Then our lord continued to the statue before him, shouldering the colossal hammer, a triumphant grin on our lord’s face. For a moment, the high priestess looked as terrified as she had before—but she soon realized the futility of fear. She fell limply to the statue-base, despondent; she looked up weakly to her executioner. "You're just playing around, aren't you... this is theatre! An act—A jape!" 

The lord laughed heartily again. "Theatre? Sure! A jape—?! Not so, my dear farmer priestess! I've always thought the peasantry have let themselves down since the Tyrant-King last picked up this hammer of mine—caved in the chest of that upstart peasant doctor… DISGRACEFUL, really! So I thought I'd get them back into the fields, working till they bleed!" Our lord took up our lord's ancestor’s hammer again, leveled it in our lord's hands. "But first… I figured I ought to pay a visit to the cult of his old enemy—"
