As the party delved deeper into the slaver-noble’s private mage chambers, they passed workshops filled with discarded magical implements and bone-white statues, unfinished and inactive. Clearly, the slaver-noble who owned this place was a crafter of Challúmata, mannequin-like necromantic golems, unceasingly doing their masters' bidding even a millennium after their demise. No doubt, this place was full of them—they could only hope that Varelrudu had dealt with most of them—and they did pass through a few inactive, shattered Challúmata. Unfortunately, this was a false hope. Eventually, they came to a great chamber, filled with totally dull damestear crystals and the faint remains of discarded magic circles. Six tall, intricately grooved and engraved crucibles were lined up in the room, their tops connected by catwalks to an observation chamber. This was the personal foundry of Anathazhilan. They’d only taken a few steps in before they were set upon.

Most of the Challúmata were cast in humanoid shape, men or women—most of elven type, but some were short and stocky, some had strange, short, rounded ears. Those ones were hollow, easy to smash in, send tumbling away or pin down—split limb from body, hack at their joints the same way you’d cut apart an elf of flesh and blood. But some of the golems were monstrous—one was like a walking lizard, mighty and tall. Karamothi fended it off, saber batting the beast's attacks away. Evindash was behind him, cowering—the Rakulacan was so done with him he could have used him as a shield. He knocked an arm off—sent the statue's frame tumbling away with a kick. "We have to go—" But it simply picked its severed limb up, rammed it back in its socket, and kept on fighting. "NOW!"

Karamothi made a mistake—missed a strike, breath catching as he braced for a blow from his enemy—but the party’s mage caught it first, sent a firebolt careening into the false lizardman’s maw. "I have an idea!" He cried, as he tapped his staff on Karamothi’s back quickly—then gestured to one of the crucibles.
