The Patriarch sighed, turned away from their cousin and the bookkeeper they called a partner. This cousin had dragged them to a counting house in the depths of Nagar Vyechei, all for a spiel of numbers and blathering. "Bah!" the Patriarch gave a hearty harrumph. "All this trick-terminology—what happened to a good old hammering?! Explain it again—in simple Kalavendhi, or I’m gone!" 

"Well," the bookkeeper began, "it's a simple scam, really. We invent some nebulous investment opportunity in Ormam that needs a naval shipment of... say, expensive raw materials? That obviously needs capital—gold—to buy. So we go to those who have the cash. Promise big, lie big, get a bunch of important warlords to invest big—then stash their investments while we 'spend' the money 'buying' non-existent materials. Then, the non-existent boat carrying them all sets off—and 'oh no! It's been captured by pirates!'"

The cousin took over. "Everyone knows the Kheionai work through middlemen, and when you lose a ship off Devand, it's more or less gone forever. The goods are gone—but the money the investors spent on them isn't. They'll know something was wrong—but they won't be able to do anything about it. No trail, perfect cover."

The Patriarch crossed their arms, displeased. "But—we just took their money! Why not just—just seize it?!" The Patriarch stood suddenly, violently, slammed their fist on the coin-counter's desk. "LIKE A TRUE RAKULACAN!"

The Rakulacan cousin jumped, fearful—but the bookkeeper simply smirked. "How can you seize what you don't know about? You come around rattling the hammer, you won't see a coin. They'll hide it." He turned to his trembling partner. "You told me about how the Mudaliars love to keep their gold in that undercity of theirs. You want to coax it out, you don't need a blunt instrument—" he turned back to the Patriarch, looked them in the eyes. "You need an artist."

"The Mudaliars?" the Patriarch's disappointment evaporated at the mention. They raised their eyebrow, curious. "Say... how many of these schemes of yours would affect them, exactly?" The bookkeeper shrugged, and lied big.
