The Cannorian woman – Mihaela – spoke matter-of-factly. "We're Vampires – and I'm an Errant Prince. The first to be turned, the strongest. We all have our clans, lord-lines going down generations… you could turn some more, start one of your own if you want. It's hierarchical like that, you see." She stared forwards, eyes vacant. "They're supposed to obey you. You need to make them, sometimes." Mihaela and Thelriatam had been relaxing amidst another training session – testing the limits of Thelriatam's new, myriad powers, as they'd done for the past ten years. Then, all of a sudden, it was like a switch turned on. She told him everything so freely he hardly believed it. "And… there are more of you?" The Rakulacan thought back to that first meeting. "The people who took something from you – they were other vampires?" 

Mihaela kept staring silently for a moment. "There's a pack of us. They have their fancy little Blood Court now… just putting a name to their cabal of – of –" She shook her head, slightly, closed her eyes. Thelriatam had never seen her like this before. "They murdered him. And I let them." He didn't presume to ask who "him" was. Mihaela opened her eyes, turned to Thelriatam again – and the vacant sadness was replaced with regret, and spite, and rage. "I'll never let that happen again. Let worry or fear stay my hand. Keep me from doing what I want! If they come for you – for us? I'll make them suffer!" 

Thelriatam could only bear her gaze for a moment. He turned, put a hand to his chin, mind suddenly racing. Not blood magic, but immortality by another means… the ability to create an entire clan of immortals… to truly usurp the power of the Slaver-Nobles! And Mihaela? This Blood Court had taken her family, no doubt… but he had one. The Rakulacans – and with her, he could get the respect she wants, the glory he desires – as Patriarch! POWER UNBRIDLED!

Thelriatam began to laugh, a deep rumble that only grew to a thunderous crescendo. He turned quickly on his heel. "You want freedom? You want power? Just the two of us – we won't be able to secure it. Not really." Thelriatam threatened a smile. "Tell me… my sire. How would you like to be an Empress?"
