It is the event of the season (i.e, this twomonth period where the Hall of Endless Debate is closed for renovation), not to be missed. Anyone who is anyone (among those who debate philosophy and history to wee hours of the night) will be there. It is the most fabulous event in all Dhenijanraj (since the last of the Lotus Court's great feasts), a spectacle unlike any other.  It is the wedding of Kaloyan of Dancer's Alley, better known to us as Kaloyan of the Wandering Heart, to a woman of beauty and grace (not to mention an intellect to rival his own).  How does a scholar afford such a lavish celebration, you ask? Well, while "Tooth and Turban: The Rise of the Second Harimraj" has sold impressively, but in truth the celebrations are wellfunded by the crimelords of his birthplace. It may be city he long since left behind, heading east to follow the course of its founder, Nathalyne, but those lords are not one to forget any debt they owe, and are happy to repay it with such benign expenditures.  Why does the guestlist include such dignitaries as the subdirector of the Ministry for Taxation, a Muleni princess, the Exilarch's rowdy chief advisor, and even a Princess from Parusad Bhola? Blame Kaloyan's books. And treatises. And monographs. And all the interviews necessary to compile a dozen tomes on the Harimraj, a local encyclopedia for each of the old Senapti, and some Regent Court philosophy to boot. And of course his magnum opus, "A Walk in Shadows"; a yetunfinished history of Nathalyne, the first three volumes of which have already sparked untold debate over this woman turned avatar turned deity (and perhaps put more about shadowmagic to paper than had ever existed before).  For all their pomp, it is not those dignitaries that Kaloyan flocks to. No, it is his fellow scholars, historians, and philosophers. Though Kaloyan may be one of the most successful among them, his esteem is only higher among those who know him best. He is always happy to answer questions, kind in sharing pertinent findings, eager to see the frontiers of knowledge pushed back by them all.  Kaloyan has been on adventures aplenty, learned well the value of loyalty and perseverance. Now begins his greatest adventure yet, and as the couple exchanges their vows, it is clear: there is nothing quite like love.
