My dear child, if you're reading this, it means that I have passed away. First and foremost, congratulations on the honor of leading our kind into what is hopefully a better future. I hope this farewell will be a healing salve for your mourning heart, as you discover a few more things about your father. About my accomplishments, and "our" accomplishments.  You know how I unified the tribes, overcame their petty grievances. How I ripped out the cancer, in their extravagant palaces, which leeched off our people. How I offered refuge to those who welcomed me, and unleashed my wrath on those who did not. But if you ask those who you now rule over about the cause of our success, there will always be another answer, standing alongside my name. All of those will be Naga. You would be right to think that is only natural, they want us to succeed. But that success is on their terms, not ours.  My entire life, I've been under their patronage. Growing under their keen eye, I received the best education I could along with my brothers. I could see my father grow proud as we flourished. It didn't matter; he was cast aside to make way for my ascent the moment he wasn't needed. Like most I care about. And there was nothing I could do.  With that done, the Naga's prophecy rang out across the tribes. Their plans progressed perfectly. My former enemies soon approached me with greedy eyes, looking at me as a tool. But they were to be used by other hands. The Naga told me to do what I do best, and leave all else to them. And so, I lived as the extension of their ambitions, leading their armies, while they handled my diplomacy, my administration… my feelings, my love. I couldn't even protest, lest I suffered a fate worse than death; Oblivion. And now, the snare has caught you too. Hear me, son, you must be loyal to the Naga. If you are not, they will erase the names of you and your children from history. But there is some hope I can give to you. Prove you can be useful to them, gain their respect, befriend them in a way I couldn't. If you can succeed in that, I believe you will live your life as an equal to them, unlike the slave that I was.  I wish you best of luck in that, my child; hell awaits. I pray you will be ready.
