The Ilmada are the most powerful eyes in history, said to have been a gift directly from genies to human clans for their service unto their realms. Ilmada itself means "Honor Eye," with its occurrence being so rare that their wearers are recorded with an almost godlike reverence within history. The last known wielder of an Ilmada was Nasiiye, a great mage with eyes of a deep purple hue, spiraling into yellow pupils. With those eyes, he saw the past, present, and future. He foretold better days if only people were to follow his gaze. Those who chose to join him were called his Abshirites. The common folk saw him as a hero of destiny, carrying the banner of the poor and wealthy alike. Only the hidebound minds of the scholars in Baddabi spoke against his word, and eventually dramatically escalated the simmering tensions by having him executed on his pilgrimage to the city of Qasri Aqoon. His eyes were lost that day, rumored to be kept by the lords of Baddabi as a treasure of a hollow triumph. The Abshirites eventually found themselves subdued as slaves, punished for spreading their word of peace to sullied ears deaf to their message, all in the hope that they may yet achieve tranquility in their time. Out of these enslaved Abshirites, the Adeen coalesced, with elders secretly teaching newcomers to their ranks the increasingly distorted Abshirite doctrine and ultimate goal: a truly equal society coming together in Bada Bilad, with all flowing together towards tranquility. Fate's dire hand weaves a great reckoning, a perfect storm. Nasiiye may have foreseen all of this, or maybe it was truly just the inevitable consequence of mortal greed and cruelty. In the end, does it matter where he was from, or who he was born from? These things never seemed to matter to the crowds he spoke to. Maybe this upheaval is where all things have led to. For finally, a new prophet is born unto us. Blessed with those sacred spiral eyes, yellow pupils in the center, ever falling down into singularity. He will save the poor, and save the wealthy. Nonetheless, tranquility will come at a steep price for all; but in the end, it will all be worth it. He has seen the past, present, and the future—our course is clear.

"Isha... you may call me Isha. In time, it will become the name of salvation."
