So we must seek other avenues of trade. To the newly discovered peoples of the west and east, for instance…" Our lord reclined in his chair as Triander Nymkorai explained the finer details of imperial trade policy. He couldn’t help but be a little suspicious, as he talked of increasing investments in various cities or sending trading expeditions to the west, no doubt staffed with Nymkorai merchants. Jalinpan Ursibadur’s intervention calmed his nerves, though. "And if we were to attract travelers and merchants from these places… well, my family’s stocks of White Lelivazha are great… me and Triander have come to an agreement…" Our lord couldn’t help but smile as the Ursibadur and Nymkorai spoke – worked together – for the good of themselves, sure, but also the good of Royakottar. Once, the Nymkorai were spiking the House of Vice’s wine – but things were different now. After Jalinpan and Triander had finished making their point, our lord accepted their proposals with feigned indifference. It was time for the others to speak. Elrandar Kattyva made a report on the excavations of the citadel – progress on uncovering some newly discovered storage facility, reports on incidents involving workers and scavengers – and the ever-expanding operations across Taychend. Arichanna Vustarin piped in whenever she felt Elrandar was glossing over the historical or scientific implications for their finds. The two families had always had common interests, but for centuries those interests had led them to conflict, not cooperation. Now they were eagerly working on projects together, with Kattyva scrap flowing into Vustarin laboratories unrestricted. Our lord couldn’t help but be proud – on his own behalf, and that of his forebears. The Mercenary Kings – Emperors, now – had done the impossible: turned four squabbling families in a divided city into one unified force. And look at what they had done with it! Royakottar’s banners now hung from Clematar to Katelperai, a Taychend united for the first time in centuries. Our lord was at the head of it, but the people gathered around the table stood with him. Four had become one at last. Now, the real work began.
