Our lord grimaced as he walked through the House of Vice, embarrassed despite his station. He could see every trade the Ursibadurs dabbled in as he passed through the halls filled with scantily clad elven dancers and courtesans, packed gambling tables, and drunken patrons stumbling from bar to bar. When he finally reached the office of Evindash Ursibadur, the family patriarch, he found the man reclined on a gilded chair, boots up on a desk of Effelai wood, crumpling its golden-threaded covering cloth. He smiled warmly as he gestured for the lord to sit. “How did you find the House, Lord [Dynasty]? ” he asked. “I instructed my family to offer you anything you desired. I trust you—” “I wasn’t interested,” our lord coldly responded. He had indeed been offered many gifts—spirits and White Lelivazha, a private show, a few companions for his pleasure. “Not my idea of fun.” Evindash chuckled, offering a nonchalant shrug in response. “Well, I suppose it was a fool’s game anyway.” He poured our lord a cup of wine; the lord accepted this, at least. “If you were so willing to partake, I wouldn’t need to invite you. Do you know why I did?” Our lord shook his head as he brought the wine up to take a sip. The Ursibadur laughed heartily. “I suppose I wonder if you undervalue my family’s contribution to the city. I had hoped to show you at least a part of our value,” he said, gesturing with a free hand as he took a swig of his own wine. “But the Mercenary King stands above, I suppose. So I may as well give you a few words and send you on your way. Tell me, what do you think drives elves to fight, conquer, betray?” “Ambition,” our lord replied instantly, from cultural instinct. “Glory in life and after—apotheosis, a place in the heavens.” “Yes… desire!” our lord was about to protest the twisting of his words, but Evindash Ursibadur cut him off. “What you have just described is desire! A bodily need, nothing holy or sacred. You lust for glory and thirst for divinity just as you’d lust for your partner or thirst for a good drink!” The warlord sat back in his chair with a sullen look crossing his arms. “Soul and body are of the same system, Lord [Dynasty]. Just as you cater to your people’s desire for death and glory, I cater to their desire for a good time!” For a second, our lord remained solemn—but as he looked at the Ursibadur’s earnest smile, the passion written clearly on his face, he couldn’t help but let it affect him. Our lord raised his cup to the patriarch.
