Kalazhil scratched at his neatly trimmed beard as he watched the leaders of the Four Families and their close associates enter, taking their seats at the long conference table. Even two years after his accession to the throne, he sat uneasily. He was a foreigner and a former mercenary, brought in as a compromise when the old leader no longer suited the Families’ collective purposes. He grimaced. He knew they could just as easily replace him. His wife Isermanthi, who was standing beside him, placed a hand on his shoulder, offering him a reassuring smile. He would get through this, one way or another.

Finally, once the family heads were seated, the Dhavana spoke. "I've brought you here today in light of the worrying news from the south. With Laskaris once again on the warpath..."

Kalazhil spoke of dangers from the north and south, then to more internal matters. He noted the reactions of the different heads as he did. The head of the Kattyva looked bored, barely listening—he knew he didn’t need to. Seronpan Nymkorai studied the other family heads and their attendants, ever vigilant, always scheming. The patriarch of the Ursibadur leered at Kalazhil’s wife, while the head of the Vustarin took copious notes, fingers stained with ink. The family heads were all powerful—but they were all different. If he did not take those differences into account, they would overcome him.

As Kalazhil finished the pre-prepared parts of his speech, he glanced at his wife, who offered him a knowing smirk in response. "But of course, we have bigger problems. Starting with all of you!" That got their attention. "Spiked wine in the House of Vice from Nymkorai crates, a Vustarin scion dead at a Kattyva’s sabre-tip!" Isermanthi’s spies saw all, and their reports painted a grim picture. "Make no mistake, our city’s future is on the line," the Bronzewing stood up, slamming a gauntleted fist on the table, "but instead, we squabble and bicker while war approaches! No longer!"

Kalazhil looked around the room at the faces staring at him, half in awe. Their king, not their puppet. He smiled wide. "We march together as one—to conquer Taychend!"
