The narrow corridors of the Dumran Vustarvach glowed with a violet hue as the lord navigated his way through them. There were so many books here from both before and after the great collapse – most useless, he was told – that he could barely comprehend it. After an hour of searching, he finally found his target – Arichana Vustarin, the matriarch of his family, who stood staring at the space between two bookshelves. The matriarch sensed his presence. "What do you know, lord, of the time before the fall of the Slaver-Nobles?" she asked, still staring up at whatever she was looking at – engrossed in its detail. "Not much," the lord admitted, as he got close enough to see the object of her attention – a tapestry hanging on the wall, protected by a ward. It looked impossibly old. A flying city decorated the aged parchment – Tacenie, it was called. "Then you are just like everyone else," Arichana said. Her eyes seemed affixed to the canvas. "We were immortal... our eyes glowed... slaver-nobles ruled Taychend, ruled themselves by some mythical empire, from this flying city." Finally, she broke her gaze, turning to the lord. "And then it disappeared. Gone in an instant, as the skies darkened with ash, and the world descended into chaos. Do you know what happened to it?" The lord shrugged, at a loss. "Nobody does. But... some were associated with it. Liandarha Mudaliar, for instance." Arichana turned back to the tapestry. "Yes... those who weren’t on it when it vanished – or survivors from its downfall. There are so many theories about Tacenie – maybe it flew off to parts unknown, or exploded in the sky, or crashed into the ground, surely causing unimaginable destruction. Or maybe they set it down somewhere. Maybe that flying city is out there, hiding, like so much of the past. Hiding, and waiting to be found. We are blind, stumbling around looking for scraps of the larger story." Arichana stepped towards the parchment, brushing a hand over the shimmering ward. "But all it takes is one chance find... one fragment of the past..." the Vustarin smiled.
