My cheeks were flush as I swaggered through the chattering groups of clanselves. I could feel my lips locked in a fool’s smile as I took one unsteady step after another. Occasionally I would stop to give a nod there, a laugh here, more than a few long embraces.  I raised my cup to take another swig of wine as a shirtless elf carrying a roasted turbin overhead ran past me. A dozen angry cooks raced by me seconds later. I laughed then sputtered as I choked on wine.  "There yous are," a soft voice called from behind.  I spun around and nearly tipped over as I spotted Narawen wearing a devious grin. Catching me midfall, she grabbed my hand and started dragging me. "What are you doing, Wen?"  "Important stuff," she hiccuped.  "Important stuff?"  "Yup."  I don’t know how she managed to pull me forward. My dear cousin was a head shorter and half as strong, but I found myself stumbling along after her, the world was a blur as we went. Before I knew it I was pulled up onto a table. I looked up to see Elaria… smiling? At least something close to it.  With no small struggle, Narawen clambered up beside me and beamed at me. I stared at her dumbfounded only to jolt at the boom of Elaria’s baritone voice, "Listen up. We’ve a toast to give."  He gestured to Narawen and crossed his arms.  As best she could, Narawen attempted to fill Elaria’s void, "My dear People. My dear kith and kin. Ayeth, Cenag and Drennen. Today we celebrate victory."  Cheers and hoots.  "And we celebrate the elf who brought it to us, my cousin, my ‘big sister’; Alara."  Another round of cheers and hoots filled the night air. All the while, my cheeks began to heat.  Elaria then stepped forward. He looked at me, and just for a moment, saw the elf I once knew. Then he turned to the crowd and raised his goblet, "To elf who brought Salla Ayeth justice. To my oathdaughter, Alara."  More hollering roared out. Soon the gathered elves began chanting a name. My name. As it grew louder, I felt my face burn ever hotter.
