A grand set of concentric ritual circles was prepared, dwarfing the previous one. Its construction has taken days, which the thousands of gnolls gathered have spent feasting and slaughtering. Their numbers seem to have multiplied, the initial group brought along with the Medaka having been bolstered by new arrivals from somewhere. At night strange, unholy sounds have been heard from the farthest edges of the gnollish camps, shriekes of brutal ecstasy inextricably merged with agony; certainly not of this plane. Such activity has deeply disconcereted the Medaka’s advisors, who have spent as much time as possible holed up within their tents. The longawaited hour has finally come, though. Their lord stands on a platform before the central circle, quietly cackling with madness flickering in their eyes. Their lord's reddened eyes gaze upon the sight before them: thousands of sacrifices await their fate within the circles, human and gnoll alike. Green flames lick at the platform's base as an uneasy quiet descends on the sordid camp. The witches at their side wrap them in ironwood chains, and usher them towards the pyre that has been fed with oh so many bodies. They must pass through the fire to gain the incredible power they were promised. Ten thousand pairs of eyes fix on their lord. As they steps before the pyre, the ground begins to shake. A terrible grating noise, as if the bones of the earth were grinding each other to dust, begins as shriekes erupt from all around the pyre. Within the tooblack smoke, faint green eyes begin to shine in an otherworldly light. "Fool of a human." The wrihting smoke surged forth. "Entire empires have been offered in my name, and here you stand before me with naught but a few thousand wretched souls. And your soft, weak flesh." Torrents of flame burst forth from the pyre. In an instant, they wrap around the Medaka, yanking them into the fire, which explodes into a pillar of fell flame, immediately burning away the innermost tent rings. A raspy cackling sounds, as if from the earth itself, and chaos overtakes the site.
