After our shamans and their assistants dug through the contents of the library for weeks, they finally found it. A report about what transpired at HulJorkad. It reads:  It hadn't been a week since we had heard that the elves had been beaten near Amldihr, when that very army led by the wretched elf mage Ducaniel sieged our HulJorkad. Me and my men held the gates for months, but eventually they were penetrated. Me and my unit of guards laid low for a while, after which we started sabotaging the elven occupation. The inhabitants of the hold were forced by the elves to repair the gates and deface our own temples. Information from outside the hold was restricted to a maximum, but eventually us in the resistance realised the elves themselves were now under siege by a dwarven army. Our salvation was right outside the gates, they just needed to be opened. As the resistance made contact with the dwarven army outside, we planned and executed an attack together, succesfully opening the northern gate and liberating the first level. The elves fled to the second level and barricaded the shaft, starting a new siege. We fought our way down HulJorkads levels, one by one. We knew it was only a matter of time when we retook layer four, which was their primary source of food. When we had eventually pushed the elven invaders down into the seventh layer, we readied ourselves for a final battle. As the elite dwarves in the front broke through their defenses and started flooding the temple layer, me and my men followed as well. We saw initial successes, but as we established a foothold on the layer, a huge surge of magic could be felt through the air, followed by shouts of pure rage. We thought it was a counterattack from the elves, but what came out of the alleyways weren't elves, but an endless horde of what the men have taken to calling orks. They burst out of the temples and alleys, some naked and without weapon, others with weapons of dwarven or elven make. They just kept pouring out, it all happened so fast, even the strongest dwarves could not withstand such a wave of muscle and steel. When me and my men saw the hold was lost, we stopped looking and started running, we fled back up to the first floor, those horrific beasts in pursuit.  Luckily we made it out alive and together with some other citizens caught the last train to Seghdihr, one which wont ride to HulJorkad in a while, I think. I am writing this report on that very train and hope we manage to bring it to Gronstunad safely, if not and you find this message, please bring it to the Gronstunad so they can send reinforcements. Grimmar Shalebeard, Former Captain of the Guards in HulJorkad.
