"The monsters of the jungle were not natural as you'd understand it. We believe the Effelai used the same processes it employed to encourage the growth of its plants and roots to create its animate creations." The artificer gestured to the elf in the testing chamber, seemingly sedated. "By taking those processes and introducing them to our own subjects, we believe we can replicate the Effelai's... creative abilities." An assistant entered the testing chamber, jabbed some sort of needle in the ruinborn's neck, then rushed back out. The door slammed behind him. "We've tried it on plants, kotakompu, oxes." The ruinborn jerked awake—then began to writhe around in pain. "All trials were... highly effective." Gasps echoed in the observation chamber as tumors seemed to sprout across the subject's body, his muscles bulging and expanding. Muffled screams could be heard from behind the iron-barred glass, as cords of muscle sprouted from the elf's body—red at first, though they quickly turned green. Flowers sprouted from the vine-like tendons. "Muscle growth was particularly exceptional."

"He does not seem controllable," the ruler commented, as the test subject slammed his head against the ground repeatedly. Blood and bone splattered across the chamber floor.

"Oh, absolutely," the artificer admitted, "but in a way, that's the point." He nodded to one of his assistants, who tapped on the viewing glass—the ruinborn's head snapped up, then the beast lunged forward, pounding against the glass even as his body continued to tear itself apart. "These are not precise instruments. Inject them, deploy them, and they will destroy all in front of them before they expire. Suicidal, short-lived... but quite deadly."

One of the warlords in the room turned to the ruler, horror written across his face. "To subject living beings to this monstrosity is—it's an insult to all who died fighting the Effelai! We fought to destroy that thing, not revive it! How could you—" The ruler cut him off with a glare.
