Aboard the flagship of a fleet in the western province of Divenhal, the great warlords of Taychend stood aboard a warded deck, with their lord of Taychend at their head, watching. They had prepared for a feast—a celebration. The explosion in the distance, consuming the lives of millions, was visible. The ash fell, and the ward above shimmered. Those below stood and cheered. They cheered for their Empire, their emperor, and the turning of the Cycle.

The lord of Taychend turned back to their warlords, lieutenants, and family. "Nearly two millennia ago, a similar explosion ended our world as we knew it. The ordered rule of the Slaver-Nobles gave way to the chaos of the post-apocalypse—and the rule of the warlords, and the rule of glory." They surveyed the crowd—seeing those descended from the greatest heroes of this past cycle. "But all cycles are destined to end—and their rulers are destined to be overthrown!"

The lord of Taychend drew his saber, held it aloft. "With this sword, this Empire succeeded where every warlord empire before it had failed. We brought you, warlords of Taychend, to heel, and then we led you all to untold riches, unrivaled glory! Our armies scoured Aelantir, the Lizardfolk, Insyaa. We proved time and time again that we were the equal of the Slaver-Nobles and the Empire of Aesadas!" The lord of Taychend pointed his sword at the explosion behind them. "And with this final act, we have proven that we have surpassed them!"

"Some of you will return to Aelantir, continuing to raise the magnificence of our cities and works. Some of you will sail on, to conquer the wastes left in our wake! But as you build, grow, march, and spill the blood of the world, know that the Empire you are building will not fall like those of this cycle. Know that this Empire will soar for millennia! That we shall rise above Ducaniel and Arethon, above Ebenanth and Yodhan, Ultarlan and Olhokar, Erankar and Laskaris! On the first year of this new calendar, Taychend shall rise above, alone, the unconquerable masters of this new Cycle..."
