The room fell into chaos, shouting, scuffling. Sabres were drawn. Our lord cried "HEAR MY VOICE–!" and the warlords calmed for a moment, stepped back—but their swords were not sheathed. Wrathful faces stared back at our ruler. "For too long, our quest for glory has driven us insane! When you look at this wanton destruction, annihilation—does that look like an Empire about to turn a page into a new world, a new cycle? Or does it feel like an Empire succumbing to its thirst for blood—for glory? That desire, that hunger—it's taken us to the ends of the world and the peaks of the past. But the changing of a cycle isn't about being better than those who came before; it's about being different!"

The tension lightened ever so slightly. Our lord pointed to the projection of Tacenie. "When Aesadas fell, it ended the cycle because it ended the world as it was! I know what you all think—Tacenie's fall will herald our ultimate victory, be the point where our global domination is guaranteed! And maybe it will be! But if this is a cycle of glory, destroying the world for more glory will not end it, but perpetuate it! And the world will not be ordered, and the cycle ended, by our empire, but by its demise!"

The standoff broke—warlords sheathed their sabres, and our ruler looked to Tacenie once more as they gave up. "If Ducaniel had made this decision, his cycle would have continued another ten-thousand years." Then our ruler turned to the warlords. "But we have proven ourselves wiser than him, and more glorious than him! So go! Go back to your cities, to your armies—go back and be proud of what we have accomplished! And when we build again, march again? Do it for something other than pride! Do it for order, not chaotic glory!"

Our ruler called for a mage to shut the projection of Tacenie off—though our ruler knew it would not disable the city itself. Our ruler's descendants could very well fall prey to that which had built their empire. But if our ruler's hopes proved true, then this would truly be the first year of a new era, a new cycle.
