The lord of Taychend followed the artificers as they showed him their inventions outside Palaya Orenkoraim, the Gathyanavaida looming large in the background. A short fellow in a funny hat, "Sando Boltbrass," led him around, as his assistants gave demonstrations of each invention. "Here—T-Wave transmitters, connects like lightning—oh, and speaking of lightning—sparkdrives! Any enemies? Bad doud? Pull the trigger and… toddo! Dead! And here... hmm, the ‘Maagikraftfayermaszeene’—thaumaturgical arcano-blaster cannon, yes? Supercharged a little, modified by me—it is... ah, not yet perfect, yes? Will backfire, mmm... 49.5% of the time? Needs a bit more ‘geelder’ to fix, if you understand." The lord understood perfectly. The other weapons and inventions interested him, and greatly—but they were single-target weapons. He wanted devastation, and this arcane blaster thing looked like it could give him it. The lord pointed to the statue in the distance—and the palace where its head once stood. "Ebenanth, the First Emperor, decapitated that statue with a bolt from the Astral Sky. Precise annihilation—give me that, and I’ll give you more gold than you can imagine." Sando scratched his beard as he contemplated. "That... is difficult, yes... very difficult." He called on his assistants, and they set to work modifying the canon, tinkering with the casing and the damestear within, aligning it perfectly—then, the gnome hooked up a string to a lever at the cannon’s back, and ordered those present to stand no less than 6.1 metres away. After a short countdown, Boltbrass pulled on the string and shouted "Danger-ho!" The back of the blaster exploded. Half the artificers ducked for cover—but the lord was too transfixed on the magical bolt careening through the sky to care. It impacted the palace atop the Gathyanavaida and blew half of it into the sky. The lord's breath caught—the power of Ebenanth replicated before his eyes. If this was the power of but a few Cannorian artificers, what could the Taychendi do with this technology? What new powers could lie beyond Taychend’s borders?
