The Boar Marshal's visit to the front lines had been pleasant and enlightening. Though the reports in the War Room are detailed, they cannot capture the true experience of being on campaign, and they certainly cannot include every detail—sometimes, it is those seemingly unimportant details that prove decisive. As such, the Marshal was deep in thought as he and his honor guard marched back to the capital, scarcely seeing the scenery as he pondered strategy and tactics. And then, as their march took them through a small valley, they were ambushed. A human voice yelled a warning, but the Marshal's retinue scarcely had time to draw their blades before the rebels were upon them. Though their foes were disorganized and poorly armed, they also outnumbered the Marshal's men at least three to one.

The Marshal slew one rebel, and then another, and then another, but even so, he saw his guards fall around him. But no hobgoblin gives up a fight. Stab one rebel, slash a second, and kick away a third—but already another had a short-sword raised, about to strike. And then, like lightning out of a clear blue sky, the human was pierced by a well-thrown spear. With a moment to breathe, the Marshal put his guard back up, readying for a renewed attack. But he was amazed to see the rebels falling from an attack from the rear, by a lone human fighting with unparalleled ability. Seeing the tide turn, the rebels scrambled to kill the hated hobgoblin—while they scored a few nasty slices on his arms and chest, in minutes, the attack was over.

The man, named Atar Daya Gakhkhar, bowed low in formal apology before the Marshal. He had tracked the rebel band for weeks but did not know their destination, or would have intervened sooner. To atone for the deaths of the hobgoblin troops, which he failed to prevent, he would serve as the Marshal's escort for the remainder of the march. Gahkhar seemed to see himself as a man who had failed, despite the dozens of rebels he had slain today. But looking at the man, the Boar Marshal knew what he saw: a human with honor.
