Silence finally overtakes the battlefield around the capital city as the noise of the final cannon blast fades away. The great cannons of the capital, which once obliterated any attempts to take the city, now sit atop the walls as little more than decoration. The Boar Marshal orders the kikun surrounding the city to bring the siege equipment into firing range to breach the walls. Without the support of their cannons, the walls of the capital fall quickly and the march into the city commences. Resistance within the city was non-conventional; traps using what little blackpowder remained in the city were used to cripple the soldiers as they flooded into the streets. Skirmishers harassed them from a distance. However, a city of engineers and inventors could not resist the might of a fully drilled hobgoblin kikun led by a marshal, and the city was soon overrun by a tide of soldiers.

[R69.Monarch.GetName] was found in the university of the capital, organizing resistance and experimenting with top engineers in the hopes of creating something that could repel the waves of soldiers. These efforts were ultimately futile as the remaining resistance was stamped out and [R69.Monarch.GetName] was captured along with the university. [R69.Monarch.GetName] is made to kneel before the lord [Root.Monarch.GetName] as [Root.Monarch.GetSheHe] begins to speak.

"Your talent and ambition have brought you to a greater station than any soldier of your age. Even the great Moguwon was thirty-five when he led our people out of the Jade Mines in our great campaign against the ruin kingdoms. Yet your ambition has festered into selfish aspirations of power, and your talent was not enough to stand against the combined wills of our Great Command. You have not only wasted your own potential but the potential of thousands of brave soldiers, engineers, farmers, and artisans. Your gross transgression cannot be allowed to stand."

[Root.Monarch.GetName] pauses as a sword is placed in front of [R69.Monarch.GetName] and [R69.Monarch.GetHerHis] hands are unbound.
