In 961 AA, while surrounded by gemadorned statues of himself, Khetarch Baqtkhet I issued a decree to all Kheteratans: "Every household must now feature a shrine of the Khetarch’s likeness." This caused immediate panic; the statues surrounding Baqtkhet were as large as he was, and each gem set into them would cost more than a peasant’s yearly wage. Thankfully, an unlikely group came to save every pocketbook in the country.  The Delta Gnomes, having lived in Kheterata since before the fall of the First Hierarchy, began the same process they always undertook when a new decree was announced. By the time the Khetarch’s inspectors came to the Gnomish Quarter, they were faced with a hundred different interpretations of "the Khetarch’s likeness." One house contained a sandstone cat’s paw, adorned with a single lily; another hosted a granite cat with shiny pebbles on each cheek; another house simply had a housecat, and its owner said it was named after Baqtkhet. Most of these statues (and cats) failed inspection, but others did not. The smallest of the accepted designs a circular disc with a twoinch diameter, engraved and painted with a yellow cat’s face soon began to be produced en masse. It was distributed throughout the district, and, when an inspector objected to it as not being sufficiently deferential, a gnome would point to the previous official’s approval. Accepting the ruling, the inspector would concede.  The use of the yellowcat disc quickly spread beyond the gnomes. Local humans found out about its acceptance, and started making their own; humans in the next city did the same. Within the year, houses all over Kheterata sported the gnomish design. These discs became a symbol not only for the nation, but also for thoughtful Khetism. The laws of the Khet may be Truth, and must be followed: but just because something is Truth does not mean it cannot be examined. All rules are subject to experimentation, interpretation, and studies to test their limits. Long after adopting the local faith, the Delta Gnomes maintain their rationalist spirit.
