It was dusk when Rannaraikazhil arrived back at Uesrennu, beginning his descent into the minecity. By the time he reached the palace, the invisible moon was high above. The mines of Uesrennu never slept – but today, they had been forced to rest. The blood of a hundred thousand filtered down to the throne room, newly repurposed as a ritual chamber. The Aryakompu greeted his bloodmage, his FleshGnasherheir by his side – beamed when he saw the ancient tomes in Rannaraikazhil’s hands, eagerly bid him deeper into the heart of Uesrennu. An excited child ready for reward. Their guards followed, but halted outside the chamber. The Mage, the King, and the Kompu went in.  And only one came out.  The guards outside heard chanting, the rush of magic, the chatter of insanity. Then they heard the animalshouts and the soulscreams. The smart ones ran then – those that did not were found later, fingers bloody, eyes clawed out, wailing and groaning in uncomprehension. Nobody saw what happened next – but Uesrennu felt it. Child and adult alike were ripped from slumber by night terror, then blood terror, as fouldeeds and deadwords and bonechains broke and bound and broke again their souls. But the animals of Uesrennu did not have their strengthofsoul – and so they ran rabid. Most fled to whoknowswhere – the rest? The Swarm arose, enraged – and devoured. A hundred thousand perished.  And then, all at once, the kompu calmed. The assault ceased. Driver and soldier alike rushed to the palace – those that entered first collapsed from the sight. The Mage was the room, and the Kompu was the King, and the King was King no longer, but the God. The hulking beast, gnawed flesh, bloody bone, tall as tenelves, strong as tenallkompu, rending teeth, sabreclaws. The kingface had been stretched over its ratsnout, visage an unending scream – but the GodKompu needed it no longer. It spoke in Varamzhil’s voice, though it only uttered a single word before it broke down in manic, giddy, bloodied laughter, as if a ritualmostfoul was a mere trifle, a joke. It said: "UNION."
