Followers of Balgar tend toward magnificent tombs, adherents of Munas are given to the waves, those of The Dame are buried by the light of the moon. But what kind of funeral do you give a God?  That is one of many questions the Eleventh Pantheonic Council of the Regent Court has set out to answer. Every high priest of every temple has taken in the mural of Castellar, in magical rendition or having gone to Aelantier to see it in person. They have seen, one or two even touched, his shattered scepter. And they have borne witness as most Cannor has come to believe in his death; with not even a whisper from the Gods to contest it.  The gathered representatives of each God had expected discord over the claim of Castellos's death, unprecedented in the history of the Court, but there was little. Even Castellos's own representative, an aged Castellyrian refugee, was more relieved to finally have an answer to the question that has twisted his soul for decades: why the Silver Dragon did not come again.  Instead, most of the debate has been around what happens next. Traditional Cannorian succession law would have his son, Adean, take the throne. But that was rooted in the traditions of Castellos' favoured country, Castanor. With him gone, with that old Empire gone, does it really still apply in the court of the Gods?  Adherents of Corin, led by Dominic of Gallowspeak; now wizened with more than nine decades of age, but still a member of her circle, a recorder of her teachings, a speaker of her truths; argue otherwise. Instead, they claim succession would obviously be a contest based on merit; one at which surely the Heroine of the Greentide excels. Moreover, she inherited the legacy of Agrados, Castellos's brother, and thus has a dynastic claim as well. The priests of Adean's mother (Esmaryal) and sister (Ryala) are quick to back the God of Chivalry and Righteousness; many others, especially the priests of Nathalyne and Falah, are not so sure.  This debate has raged for weeks, and may rage for weeks more. But on one thing, at least, there is agreement: Castellos is indeed dead. All Cannor, all Halann, shall mourn him. And the world will never be the same.
