A harimari overseer, rubbing at the sweat along his stripes, gazed over his lords' plantation fields. Rolling his jaw, he cursed his boredom, lazily watching as the human slaves picked at the treasured spices that paid his wages. He sneered, thankful that no harimari would ever be a slave in Vanrahar; besides, how would they (he least of all) survive laboring in this agonizing summer heat? Lolling his tongue, he tore a bit off of his lahndi before wiping again at this sweatdrenched brow. Overseeing the slaves wasn't exciting, but he couldn't slack off either: if he overlooked a strange new song, differently colored clothes, or some odd work with their tools, then the slaves could organize, burn the plantation, and escape into the jungle before local forces could arrive to stop them. Not that they'd do well in the jungle, but that didn't matter to him because he'd burn along with the plantation, either literally if the slaves particularly disliked him or more metaphorically when the actual plantation managers returned. The mindnumbing boredom of it all led him to indulge in an idle thought: were they committing the same mistakes that led to the rebellion of Bhuvauri all those years ago? He shook his head, embarrassed at the thought. Vanrahar wasn't complacent like their mewling cousins who played as warriors while they watched the slaves of Sramaya grow stronger, but.surely those mewling cousins had thought the same thing? Grimacing, he reasoned that he could beat these slaves a hundred times if needed. Still, he couldn't beat a hundred slavesno harimari could. Even after all of Vanrahar's efforts, the humans still outnumbered them massively. What if it was him who needed to crush a second Bhuvauri? In a moment of humility, he admitted to himself he might fail, and if he might fail. He slapped himself as a way to escape his own head. He trusted the Raja; our lord was strong and wise. They gave him his rifle, they gave him his lahndi, and they gave him his coin. The Raja wouldn't fail, Vanrahar wouldn't fail, and he (sweat and all) wouldn't fail. After all, managing slaves now was far more effective than under the dainty Second Harimraj.
