The forest is dark, with barely any light besides the slight glimmers of the moon’s light piercing the thick foliage of the trees. Around you marches a platoon of crusaders. Magic roams through the air, guiding the soldiers along an endless quest to a target unknown. As you peer out into the wide grassy flatlands that lay ahead, you spot a unique structure: a large temple, gilded and glimmering. The men walked towards the temple, their numbers now clearly in the hundreds.  The black armor of the soldiers met the bright light of the monks, the raging demeanor fights the calm voices, who try to send the men away. The storm breaks through, and takes away the serenity, replacing it with chaos.  Only a few minutes after entry, the knights have already slaughtered the monks, as you watch on. Their lust for power was clear, but to leave now may mean risking the same fate as the calm against the rabid. Thus, they begin their rites as the sun sets, descending further into darkness, preaching mantras of newfound power. The descent from floor to floor, sees a gradual progression from artworks divine to rotting corpses and an intense stench of heresy. The floor at the bottom is pitch black, with the wall depicting some sort of divine figure now etched and destroyed, replaced with hellish marks. In the middle of this room lay a coffin, bound by chains and surrounded by holy relics. Evil emanates from the casket, its force seductive, perverting the minds of all with promises of power and glory. One man steps forward, and uses his magic to break the chains of the coffin.  A storm of shadows and dust erupts, engulfing the room. Men around you are butchered and slaughtered, with their corpses seemingly dried up like raisins. Not a single drop of blood had fallen, yet almost everyone in the room now lies dead on the floor. In the middle of the room, stands the presence of what felt to be a form of evil incarnate. She looks at you, eyes red and wide open, and says with a resounding voice, ‘You, who has freed me from my eternal slumber, I offer you and your friends a gift you cannot refuse. I shall give you all a chance at eternal life, and power beyond mortality."
