Eyes blurry, thoughts murky. All is dark in the eternal prison. Chained down in your own mind, You cannot remember the last time you saw light, you saw your friends. All you can remember is the moment you lost your life to someone else. You may still be living, but it wasn’t yours to act out. These chains are the strings of a puppet.  Then, the day breaks. Your eyes peel open to find that you are in the midst of a battle. Metal clashing, blood flowing, bodies falling silent to the bare earth. You see your own men dragged along to serve the puppeteers' will. Still in a daze, mind confused, you rise to your feet, standing tall on the battlefield. Everyone’s gaze turns to you, the mighty king. The worldly tether has been broken, and your life returns. This purposeless war needs to end. Using your words instead of a sword, you manage to quell the beast inside every soldier, every general, and every king on the hill. Finally, you receive clarity. There are no more strings attached to you.  Just as quickly as it is given, freedom can also be taken. A puppet master without puppets is a king without his vassals. Without you as his figurehead, the mages' plans lay bare for all to see. You feel a chill up your spine, an imminent threat approaching. On the battle’s fringe, a sorcerer lurks, hidden in shadows. Demons and devils reach out their hands, and shackles prepare to bind you once more. Your vision fades between light and dark. As you are dragged down to the depths of your mind the light turns to nothing but flickers. You remember clarity. You must resist, you must fight against the shadows. Your mind is the battle, you, the soldier, and while it looks like a losing cause, you must persevere. His presence draws near, more ominous, ever more powerful. The sorcerer stands upon a fortress, the very essence of his being is felt by everyone in the swamp. Once again, you are faced with eternal shadows. The battle is lost, but you will not accept another eon in the depths of your mind, locked away. With blade in hand, you raise it high above your chest, and prepare to end this pointless war. The longsought clarity arrives, as the sorcerer looks on in shock, and soldiers rush to your aid.
