The party grimaced as they eyed the hallway before them. Rows upon rows of glowing magiccircles covered the floor and wards – rune traps, powered by a small Dames tear crystal at the far end, above the Vault Door. The crystal was protected itself by a lattice of steel. Alec turned to their Eordan ranger. "Can you make that shot?" The ranger shrugged. String, draw, loose – the arrow struck the lattice. He tried again, again, again. The Ruinborn shook his head. "The lattice – the holes are big enough, technically.but its too far away. Even for me."  Corinato shook his head. "Unless our mage knows levitation magic.?" The Damerian shook her head. "I’ll have to make my way across, then. Strike it with my rapier." The lightfooted kobold began to edge his way through the maze of traps, dancing between them. "I bet you wish you could do as I do, Pearlsedger." Corinato said, as he tiptalonned through the gaps, leaping and twirling over the magic triggers. "You lot– all discipline talk and brute strength– but NO bravado–." The Vernman did a stunning, twisting flip over a rune. "NO–" Then halted, silent still, as he found himself resting on the tip of his scaly finger. "STYLE.?" Past that point, the runes were totally overlapping. An impasse.  He had to go back. It took him a while. Alec sil Arcavar chortled, grinning. "Style, hmmm.? Always with the braggadocio, the puffing up– spirit of adventure this, Corinite ideals that. One day, you’ll realise – the only thing to adventuring is cold, hard cash. Do what you want, take what you want." Corinato finally found his way back. "Oh? And tell me – what is YOUR brilliant plan for dealing with our predicament, then?" – – Spin– spin– THROW. The kobold flew through the hallway, flying, flying, straight as an arrow– rapiertip out. The other party members held their breaths – then let the anticipation out, as Corinato’s swordpoint struck between the lattice. The crystal shattered – and the runes deactivated before he hit the floor. Alec came up running, grinning even wider than before. "Well well well.you were saying? Now what’s with this door, then?"  The mage grimaced. "Looks like its protected by heavy warding.I’ll try my best, but–" Corinato stood, dusted himself off, and interjected with a wave.
