BOOM, and the walls crashed in. Taychendi guards snapped around to look– then an instant later, a lightning quick kobold was dancing between them, rapier in hand, swish and slash and bravadobursting. Then a white coated human, handaxe and sabre in hand, demonic– rending, hacking, reavertomahawk flying. A yell, a scream, a hew and cry. Then backup pistol blasting. The rest of the party surged in. A mage woman, Damerian, pinkhaired and flinging fire. A rogueranger of far Eordand, arcing arrows. More fight – then calm. The dust and the smoke cleared, and blood and bodies remained. Alec sil Arcavar sighed, smirking, as he pulled his handaxe from an elven face. "Well.can’t say it didn’t work."  The citadel was deep in Nanru Nakar’s undercity. Even though there wasn’t really an "outside" to speak of, the magically reinforced, heavily guarded entrances made good on that "fortress" description well enough. On the inside, it was like a palace – the grey, weathered smooth stone of most Precursor ruins was whitewashed, clean. Every inch of the place was stocked to the brim with supplies and provisions of all kinds.and treasure. Lots of it. Corinato harumphed as he took in the sights. Precursor relics, priceless pieces of artwork, golden jewellery and ancient heirlooms. "This must be a dream of yours, Pearlsedger. Riches beyond imagining."  Alec sil Arcavar chuckled, as he hefted a Precursor spellblade from the wall. "Oh.yes it is.." Then he twirled, flashed the spellblade, threw his old one to the ground. "But my, Corinato, don’t tell me your little kobold heart isn’t racing right now?." The redscaled fencer snarled, whipped his sabre around in a gesture of offence. "The difference between us, Vernman, is that we Pearlsedgers actually NEED the money. Have you been to the Pearlywine lately? Dismal affair, really.people leaving, towns in disrepair. You mustachio’d freaks hogged all the adventure."  "How terrible." The Damerian mage said, mischievously. "They even stole your baldness." Alec scoffed, tipped his tricorn, ran a hand quick over his closecropped blonde hair. "I couldn’t be the BLOND BANDIT if I was bald, now– COULD I–?." "Now now, reaver–" Corinato pointed his rapier deeper into the citadel, maw turned to grin. "Let’s focus on the adventure, hmm?" I think."
