The party watched one of the entrances to the hidden fortress. Their infiltrator – an Eordan rogue, currently glamoured by their partymage, a pinkhaired Damerian woman – returned from his saunter up to the gate. The guards had been knocked out, hidden behind a corner. "All good now," he said. "It’s clear inside too – we shouldn’t have any problems." Corinato nodded, turned to his Pearlsedger counterpart, who looked disappointed he hadn’t gotten in on the action. "See? Told you it would work. Let’s go."  The citadel was deep in Nanru Nakar’s undercity. Even though there wasn’t really an "outside" to speak of, the magically reinforced, heavily guarded entrances made good on that "fortress" description well enough. On the inside, it was like a palace – the grey, weathered smooth stone of most Precursor ruins was whitewashed, clean. Every inch of the place was stocked to the brim with supplies and provisions of all kinds.and treasure. Lots of it. Corinato harumphed as he took in the sights. Precursor relics, priceless pieces of artwork, golden jewellery and ancient heirlooms. "This must be a dream of yours, Pearlsedger. Riches beyond imagining."  Alec sil Arcavar chuckled, as he hefted a Precursor spellblade from the wall. "Oh.yes it is.." Then he twirled, flashed the spellblade, threw his old one to the ground. "But my, Corinato, don’t tell me your little kobold heart isn’t racing right now?." The redscaled fencer snarled, whipped his sabre around in a gesture of offence. "The difference between us, Vernman, is that we Pearlsedgers actually NEED the money. Have you been to the Pearlywine lately? Dismal affair, really.people leaving, towns in disrepair. You mustachio’d freaks hogged all the adventure."  "How terrible." The Damerian mage said, mischievously. "They even stole your baldness." Alec scoffed, tipped his tricorn, ran a hand quick over his closecropped blonde hair. "I couldn’t be the BLOND BANDIT if I was bald, now– COULD I–?." "Now now, reaver–" Corinato pointed his rapier deeper into the citadel, maw turned to grin. "Let’s focus on the adventure, hmm?" I think."
