"The more awful the death, the greater the beauty we must ascribe to it. Anything else would be rude."; Tomas of Vallusna   Acanto had never been much of a Vernman.  As a child, he’d been taught of the famous Wyvern’s Sting, the Zatsarya, the lizardpillar of Stingport. It was a towering achievement of Vernman adventure, a treasure beyond treasure, mysterious and dangerous. It had once quite abruptly caused the entire surrounding neighbourhood to vanish. It was kept at a distance from the city these days, deferred to in its majesty.  He knew that, hearing this story, he was meant to feel patriotic; he was meant to realise the risk and the danger which good Vernmen subjected themselves to willingly, beyond all other folk. He was meant to feel the surge of glory that people feel when they put it all on the line.  Well, Acanto was about to die, and he mostly just felt sick.  "Are you sure?" Tzatak said, as Acanto shakily dismounted the wyvern, staggering a couple of steps before he regained his balance.  "I can’t focus in the air," Acanto said. "And I trapped it the first time. It’ll know it’s me."  To his credit, Tzatak merely nodded. Acanto didn’t think he could’ve dealt with more talking. Once Tzatak had taken off, Acanto began to cross the field; he shifted a little to the right to avoid walking on the grass. The Zatsarya towered overhead – this close, Acanto could feel the magic wafting off it. How had anyone ever thought this thing was inert?  He could hear the roar of the holohana. The wyvern teams were still baiting it across the harbour. Acanto didn’t really know if this was going to work, but he knew the holohana knew his arcane signature. After all, the big bastard had followed him the whole way here from Pearlsedge.  He didn’t turn around. He was worried that if he saw the thing, he’d lose his nerve. He had a bundle of Korosheshi foci, and he arranged them in a simple circle set, a useless loop, one that would keep any magic he channelled into it circling endlessly, pulsing magic into the air. Stinking, specifically, of Acanto.  He cast his cantrip. He heard the shrill roar of the holohana as it surged, as it moved closer and closer. The stench hit him a moment before he remembered to be afraid – before he remembered the endless, choking decay of that nightmare above his head.
