Alec tapped the shimmering, smoothstone wall – watched as the arcane ward flickered in response. They were situated near a shaft heading deeper into the undercity – one that happened to now be home to a raging waterfall. The sound was great enough to preclude talking, so Alec merely gave a nod, then pulled out the Korashi drill they’d carried. Their party mage, a pinkhaired Damerian, recoiled at its presence – had to excuse herself. Corinato and their party rogue, an Eordan ranger, just watched his work in silence. The ward’s shimmer dissipated instantly as the drill touched it – an impenetrable defence, instantly nullified. Eventually, after a few hours of drilling, they broke through. Undetected.  The citadel was deep in Nanru Nakar’s undercity. Even though there wasn’t really an "outside" to speak of, the magically reinforced, heavily guarded entrances made good on that "fortress" description well enough. On the inside, it was like a palace – the grey, weathered smooth stone of most Precursor ruins was whitewashed, clean. Every inch of the place was stocked to the brim with supplies and provisions of all kinds.and treasure. Lots of it. Corinato harumphed as he took in the sights. Precursor relics, priceless pieces of artwork, golden jewellery and ancient heirlooms. "This must be a dream of yours, Pearlsedger. Riches beyond imagining."  Alec sil Arcavar chuckled, as he hefted a Precursor spellblade from the wall. "Oh.yes it is.." Then he twirled, flashed the spellblade, threw his old one to the ground. "But my, Corinato, don’t tell me your little kobold heart isn’t racing right now?." The redscaled fencer snarled, whipped his sabre around in a gesture of offence. "The difference between us, Vernman, is that we Pearlsedgers actually NEED the money. Have you been to the Pearlywine lately? Dismal affair, really.people leaving, towns in disrepair. You mustachio’d freaks hogged all the adventure."  "How terrible." The Damerian mage said, mischievously. "They even stole your baldness." Alec scoffed, tipped his tricorn, ran a hand quick over his closecropped blonde hair. "I couldn’t be the BLOND BANDIT if I was bald, now– COULD I–?." "Now now, reaver–" Corinato pointed his rapier deeper into the citadel, maw turned to grin. "Let’s focus on the adventure, hmm?" I think."
