"3rd Tearfall Captain Dresden Dyer of The Golden Hope, under contract of The Kingdom of Verne Fahvanosy is a strange land. It’s not just the spices, nor the strange customs of these myriad halflings. It isn't the mountainous jungle either, nor is it strange beasts that prowl the land. All these things and more would be a regular irregularity for we Vernmen: a sense of wonder and discovery is all a rightthinking Vernman could dream of.  No, what's strange about Fahvanosy, is that this is the one place an old sea dog like me could call home. The Sea. She seems.different.smells different. She puts the men at unease, like she’s always watching us. Not through the eyes of the strange merfolk, swimming in the upper twilight of the sea. Now she watches me, from deep down below, whom once lulled me so sweetly to sleep, now forces me into oblivion, eyes watching over me like some vigil, only to watch me still as I awake.  I fear she even watches me in my dreams.  It was yet another night of restless sleep, eyes half open staring back at my eternal vigil, when Jændur Hildrsdottir came to me with a shaking spiceling, a diver by trade. He was diving for pearls when he ventured too far away from the normal beds, said he could "hear the black pearl sing." Jændur told me she found him making a ‘barrier of pearls’ on the beach, and that when she questioned what he was doing, it was like a trance was broken, the spiceling falling to the ground, crying that the legends were true, that the Sea was watching him.  I confess I wished to forget it all and sail back to my beloved Heartspier – but what is bravery, if not overcoming your fear? So we got to work. Called in a few favours from an old Tungric merchant. We bought a few of their mechanical "diving suits" as they called them, paid a premium too just to have them lengthened, greedy bastard.  And when our boots finally touched the seabed, Jændur tore at her suit in some claustrophobic furry as the water closed in around her. I couldn't bear myself to blame her, a proud Harpy used to soaring the skies now forced to walk beneath the waves. None the less we still needed a good scout."
