Strange, perhaps, to relate to you that the battle came naturally. I was terribly sad, and the puzzle of how to purge the Erragal without ruining the precious relics on their clothes was like some thesis defence in the tower, some grand logic problem come to life.  I, on the other hand, was weaving between them as a dancer. I had studied these things, you see. While Emondo and Clara had loved and trysted in the shady places of the Vernissage Park, I had pored over counterspells and ancient principles of magic, on rare accounts of the exorcism of such beings. I fought with a cold fury, with all the misery of one left behind. I had read that the Erragal despises its fate, shackled to a human corpse which will never decay.perhaps this goes some way to explain the sense of relief I felt, stark and pure, as I gently but firmly prised apart the magic of their binding.  In the wake of battle, all was quiet. We had prevailed – without a single death. – and it should have been a time for celebration. In the immediate aftermath we moved above ground, finding a dry place in the upper ruins to establish our office, ahead of the excavation that would soon begin.  It was then that Emondo found me, poring over my notebooks. I could not quite look at him.  "You’ve been distant," he said. "Have I?" I replied. I was unconvincing. "She annoys you?" Emondo tried, but I shook my head. "She’s.ideal," I said. "I don’t disapprove."  I stared at him. I knew he wanted something from me, something I could not give. This was a familiar theme of our friendship, in all directions.  "I’m going to be fine about it," I said, slowly. Emondo nodded, and I felt sudden dismay – it was the nod of a man who understood. Who knew how I felt, and was being terribly gentle about it, who was extending me mercy. Had he always known? Had I always been the beneficiary of a mortifying kindness?  "This is going to make you famous," Emondo said, slowly. "You were a fucking archmage back there."  I stared. He was looking at me with that maddening enthusiasm, the kind I found impossible to disappoint.
