Corinato leapt over his foe, a flash of his rapier hacking at the nape of his neck. Their attempt at stealth had.not gone according to plan, to say the least. Thankfully, they were much fresher than they might have been. The Kobold turned to dive over a kick by another– then rolled out of the way as he fell, tomahawk embedded in his chest "CAREFUL–." "Oh– I’m sorry." A pistol blast signalled a spent backup– the Pearlsedger just threw the spent gun at one of his enemies. "As you can see– KOBOLD– I’m trying to–." Parry– slash– a Taychendi staggered back into his friend. "do–." A driven sabrepoint – two speared– "MY–." Then a backhand blow from the side of a tomahawk, bodies falling. "JOB."  A fireball, an arrow, twirl and dash and scramble and slash. "This is the problem with you Pearlsdgers–." Corinato barked, as he leapt up on the mage’s shoulders, parried a guard who had tried to attack her from behind. "All discipline talk." The Kobold broke his opponent’s guard– then rapiertip speared through his forehead. Draw back– leap– twirling whirlwind slash. "But NO bravado." Three more Taychendi fell. "NO STYLE."  "OH REALLY?." The Blond Bandit grunted, picked up a sabre from the ground– charged three foes ahead of him. "BoCIOT– ARROW, ON ME." Then barreled through one– charging. Two sabres raised– then one fell, elfshot piercing hand, another piercing head. Alec sil Arcavar parried the other with his sabre– "BECAUSE I THINK–" drove his handaxe into the head of the enemy guard holding it. He stood, growled as three more guards surged into the hall– pulled out another tomahawk, picked up another Taychendi sabre. "That YOU’RE missing something too."  "Oh?" Corinato glanced at the Vault Door at the end of the hall, that their mage was desperately trying to unlock. "And what’s that?." Alec laughed wildly, drunk off battle. "It’s all." Then he charged again– a storm of his own, flashing steel and reaveriron. "ABOUT.." Axe severed swordhand – a piercing scream. "COLD." A dodge, a kick, a quickslashandsever – a head rolled. "HARD." A parried blow, a fistinripost, then a downward arc – and a wail, as axesplitstomach. "CASH."  "HEY." The mage called, frantic. "The party turned. "This door– NOT opening. Need something bigger." Corinato grimaced.
