The fractures beginning to form in our delicate society are becoming increasingly difficult to miss. One can feel the people aligning themselves with various charismatic figures and hardening into factions. Roughly, they can be divided into five groups. Kayd, the famously stalwart soldier, commands widespread admiration and loyalty. His closest supporters are common soldiers and officers with ties to the existing military institution. Ironically, his faction has its most frequent clashes with the group that would ostensibly be most closely aligned to Kayd: the supporters of Sicrheior, the wouldbe conqueror and military reformer. Sicrheior wishes to abandon the army's traditional form of a small core of warriors, focused on cultivating honor and martial valor, in favor of a modern war machine geared entirely to the glorification of the Nation. Both agree the military should be the state's chief concern, but they are often at odds over what that military should actually look like. In contrast, Dahvar, the famous priest and orator, has accumulated a devout following of those who believe peace, prosperity, and the exaltation of our values is best left in the capable hands of the clergy, guided, as they are, by spiritual concerns. Once, Dahvar's unorthodox theology centering on the glorification of the homeland and the ascension of the elven race would have been seen as controversial. By now, however, it seems as though almost every prominent religious figure in Aelnar is one of Dahvar's acolytes. Worried members of the royal household have begun whispering to each other about Dahvar's ambitions for theocratic rule, but, for fear of his popularity, few yet dare to openly stand against him. Most radical, and most intolerable, are the followers of Aelthanas the glassworker. For him, the great expanse of riches presented by this new land has created a unique opportunity to overthrow the privileges of Aelnar's elites in favor of elevating the common person. His rhetoric against the ruling classes has only become more radical with time, including the outrageous demand that the land of our new nation be shared evenly among the people instead of going mostly to the most qualified, and dignified, members of our society. Even worse, he has begun calling for the abolition of monarchy. Finally, there are the loyal supporters of our ruler.
