The procession of priests and soldiers methodically proceeded down the center aisle of the temple. Around them were high-ranking church officials, generals, mages, and other elves of high status. Tattered banners of once proud kingdoms and republics lay in their hands, the last remains of nations who foolishly staked claim to Aelantier. Upon reaching a massive, bronze brazier in the temple sanctuary, the soldiers placed the weathered regalia within, before ushering back and kneeling in place. The holy men of the procession continued onward, past the prostrating men, leading their choir in mournful dirges as they began to surround the brazier. For a few moments, the only noise within the church were sorrowful tones, songs of grief for every chosen who died before Aelnar’s final victory. At a slight wave of the monarch’s hand, they were silenced, and the ruler began to speak. "We are at the end of a great journey, my faithful." The monarch looked across the room, noting the many scarred veterans among the raiment-clad priests and nobles. "The reclamation of our promised land has been arduous, our trials many, yet still our inevitable victory has come to pass. From Dalaire to the mighty Ynn, the endless coasts of the ruined sea, and the jungles of the Effelai our faith stands victorious. The star elven people stand alone, pure. We now offer you, our astral forebears, the burning of the heathen once more." The monarch motioned for the rectors, who upon softly speaking incantations, set the brazier ablaze with the orange glow of magefire. As the standards of once sovereign nations burnt away into ash, the ruler began to recite the prayer of offering, with the remainder of the congregation joining. Oh stars above, who remain in heavenly stasis, over hallowed ground you soar. Your will is done, in cleansing flame. Give us this night your audience, and accept this burning, as we extinguish the unclean. Lead us into the heavens above, and deliver us from strife. For thine is Aelantier, the chosen, and the pure, Forever.
