The crickets chirped and the air swirled comfortably as, overlooking the calm flow of the Mother’s Sorrow, the monarch gazed upon the thousands of lights that were visible downriver during one of their visits to the old capital. The great pyramids were visible in the distance, and barges with Khet onboard floated peacefully upon the river. On this unassuming evening, the serenity was suddenly shattered by the sound of a vase crashing to the floor; one that could not have been knocked over by the wind. Alarmed, our ruler looked for their sword yet it was gone, and before being able to make it to the door they felt a sharp and sudden sensation of pain. A silverlined dragon shaped blade appeared through their chest, its glint offering our ruler a last look at them before collapsing on the floor. When the Steward was found dead by a maid, panic ensued within the staff and ministers present. An investigation by the Steward’s guards swiftly reached a conclusion; only a Dragonsdagger could make such a strangely shaped cut, and in the Salahad, it is only the members of the Ahati brotherhood who carry such weapons. But why would they do this, and more pressing, why would they use their own blades when this would almost certainly expose them? These questions would not go unanswered for long as a great ruckus developed in the markets. There, an Ahati officer stood, flanked by guards, ranting about the misconduct of our late Steward and many of their elected predecessors. The priest claimed that the ruler and the government in general did not have the mandate to be Stewards of the Sorrow any longer. They called for a new Steward to rise and restore the throne of Kheterata, and for the republican government to vacate these lands immediately. Reports from other cities told of similar occurrences: Aakhetist priests we thought vanished and Ahati officers who made false oaths to Nirakhet openly denouncing our government and the ruler in the streets. They claim that the economy has slumped, that the Khet do not support us and that the realm is headed towards catastrophe. They make the gullible fearful, and few dare to speak against the Ahati's claim, fearing for their own lives.
