The crickets chirped and the air was breezy though comfortable. Overlooking the calm flow of the Mother's Sorrow, our ruler gazed upon the thousands of lights that lit up Kheterata, the great pyramids in the distance, and barges with Khet floating peacefully on the river. It was an otherwise unassuming evening when all of a sudden a vase seemed to have crashed to the ground in the bedchamber of the monarch. Curious, the ruler inspected what happened and saw the vase, broken in a dozen pieces, a vase that could not have been blown over or knocked down by an animal, only a human. Alarmed, the ruler looked for their sword yet it was gone, and before being able to make it to the door they felt a sharp and sudden sensation of pain. A silverlined dragon shaped blade appeared through the ruler's chest, its glint offering the monarch a last look at themselves before collapsing on the floor. When the great steward was found by the maid, panic ensued within the palace confines. And with the palace closed off, an investigation started, one which would not take long. The head of the Royal Guard upon inspecting the wound concluded that only one type of blade could make such a strangely shaped cut; a Dragonsdagger. And while knives in the shape of animals are not uncommon, in the Salahad, it are only the Ahati who carry Dragonsdaggers. the Ahati brotherhoods. But why would they do this, and more pressing, why would they use their own blades when this would almost certainly expose them? These questions would not go unanswered for long as a great ruckus developed in the markets. There an Ahati officer stood, flanked by guards, ranting about the misconduct of our late steward. The priest claimed that the monarch and the ruling dynasty in general did not have the mandate to be Stewards of the Sorrow any longer. They called for a new steward to rise to the throne of Kheterata, and for the ruling dynasty to vacate these lands immediately. Reports from other cities tell us of similar occurrences. Aakhetist priests or Ahati officers openly denouncing our government and the monarch in the streets. They claim that the economy has slumped, that the Khet do not really support us and that the realm is headed towards catastrophe. They make the gullible fearful, and few dare to speak against the Ahati's claim, fearing for their own lives.
