The monarch dove off below the water, following the merfolk guides as they warded off water nymphs that made this feyreef their home. But as the monarch swam into a deeper patch of reef and coral, they too backed up. The monarch swam deeper, and deeper, and deeper, and then shallower? Why was the monarch now swimming upwards? Something was wrong. The monarch panicked, kicking their legs to get right way up, until it felt like the ground rose up under their legs and they breached the surface of the water. The monarch coughed up water, then felt around for their staff, and slowly started to take in their surroundings. They were on land for some reason. The coral had given way to a dense thicket of twisted trees with lights glistening between them. And in the very centre of this clearing, looking down upon this almost drowned lizard, was a gigantic moth with a white mask where its face may be. Behind those eyes shone blinding blue lights. “You are quite the fool,” said a voice that seemed to emanate from both the moth and everywhere at once. “You really did try to swim to the feyrealm. If I hadn’t already known you were coming, you would have simply gotten lost and taken by the nymphs. I don’t know how you found out about me… the merfolk, perhaps.” The monarch hauled themselves up on their feet. “You’re the Herald of Change. I come with a demand. Leave the lizardfolk alone. We don’t need your help anymore.” Laughter reverberated around the clearing, with soft giggling noises mingling with the loud guffaws of the Herald. “Need me? You don’t need any help destroying yourselves. I’ve seen it over and over again. You are no different. Your kind desires change, and there can be no change in your eternal empire you wish for. But…” The Herald paused and the giggling that emanated endlessly from the trees quietened. “You could become the essence of change yourself. Your kind already mutates over generations, a most fascinating trait. This would simply be…speeding up the process. “Accept my offer. Take the pact and become changelings. For if your empire is to be eternal, everyone in it should be eternally changing.”
