The ruler entered the room where the Court of Change resided, but something was different. The usual smog of incense was not there, although its strong smell remained. The Akhaxpa was in her usual spot, but her eyes were different. The third eye was closed, and the two remaining ones had no light behind them. Instead there were slitted pupils, typical of any naga. Before the ruler could even kneel down, she started speaking in a hurried tone. “It will not stop. It does not want your empire to last. It wants change, and that change includes destroying you. Nothing you can do can stop it. You cannot appease it forever. Once it tires of you, it will turn to other methods to destroy you. You have to.” She shut her eyes tight and slumped to the ground. Light started shining dimly from behind her sockets. Akhaxpa started writhing, her snakelike body contorting and twisting around itself, until finally she lifted her body back up and started speaking in an even more hurried tone. “You have not been speaking to me. You have been speaking to the Herald of Change; a powerful being from beyond this plane. It does not know I am talking to you right now. Listen to me. it is no friend of you nor the lizardfolk. It delights in the destruction of lizardfolk over and over again, for in its eyes, each rise and fall brings change to us, the chaos on which it feeds.” She slumped to the ground, her eyes narrowing, while a blue glow started growing behind her closed third eye. “Go to Ardimya. In the oceans off the coast you will find a spot where you can traverse the planes and meet the Herald. I don’t know how you stop it. It will not listen to reason.” She screamed and writhed on the floor again. The blue light started emanating from beneath her scales. With the last strength she could muster she blurted out. “Whatever you do, make sure you punch it in the face from me. I can’t do it. After all, I don’t have arms.” With a final smile she slumped to the floor. There was a moment of stillness before all three of her eyes shot open, the blinding blue light emanating from them, stronger than ever before. She raised her head and gazed at the ruler. “I do apologise, you appear to have found me when I have fainted. My only request for you is to send in one of my helpers to refill these burners. It appears my incense has run out.”
