For centuries, Yan merchants have maintained a presence in the Ringlet Sea, ushering trade from the Gulf of Rahen to Yanshen proper. Arawkelin’s Yan Quarter sprung up nearly as soon as Jaher’s fleeing legionnaires made the port town their bastion. These merchants were joined by their less savory brethren; pirates; when the Dread Queen of Pinghoi led her armada south after annihilating the Feiten fleet in fourteen thirty-eight, a martial feat much admired by Xinzhu Long. The Pinghoi buccaneers went on to achieve similar success against Arawkelin and Tamran, from whom they seized the great harbor of Cây Cam Sinh. De facto rule has a way of producing de jure legitimacy, so when we conquered the seas and jungles of the south, we chose to elevate these local Yan to positions of power. Their absolute loyalty would be assured through our shared language and history, and through the nation’s armies being the only protection they had against the local populace ill inclined to see reavers become rulers. The dao, the jian, and plenty of musket balls have indeed been needed to pacify the islanders and jungle dwellers of the far south, but less so each year as boats of settlers from Yanshen proper float up the Jantug Kala or dock in the Ringlet Islands. Away from the strictures of Yanshen proper, these now arrivals quickly adopt the old pirates’ loose dress, hodgepodge weapons, and ad hoc sense of propriety. These ‘New Pinghoi’ are barely more civilized than the natives over which they’ve come to rule, or so complains the Marshal of Arawkelin in an indignant letter to the Office of Integration. However, their efficacy in taming the interior and its inhabitants has been illustrated in the rapid decline in rebellions in the interior and booming trade from these districts. Great forests of teak have been clearcut to make way for rice paddies, the timber floated downriver to our mills and workshops. Exotic animals have found their place in the homes and kitchens of aristocrats; colorful birds, terrifying snakes, and succulent arachnids. Even five of the exquisite women of Tlagapatung arrived in the Imperial Harem, gifts from the local chieftain. Uncouth as they may be, these Pinghoi have been hard at work bringing Yanshen to the Far South, and the Far South to Yanshen.
