The Chancellor of the realm was sitting down to his morning tea, reviewing financial reports from different departments and ministries, when a courier entered carrying a scroll with a black wax seal. He had been reviewing the month’s memorandum from the Vice Ministry of Commerce, which once again reported astonishing revenues from trade, as it had ever since the government had secured the port of Arawkelin. This had not merely been the subject of dry missives from the imperial bureaucracy, but was reflected in the splendid panoply of exotic goods on display in the Grand Bazaar of the capital. It would seem the Jade Seal merchants had outdone themselves. However, the scroll the courier bore, from the Directorate of Perpetual Happiness, told a different story. Agents and informers from within the houses of the Jade Seal merchants attested to wide scale fraud. In an apparent effort to save time and capital in dismantling and recreating the trade routes long established by Kelino merchants, they had simply rented their Jade Seal rights to the locals for a hefty fee. According to the Directorate, there was a huge network based in Arawkelin of native traders posting as Yan magnates. The Chancellor put down the scroll and ordered a larger, stronger pot of tea be brought to him. It went without question that the laziness and fraud of Jade Seal merchants be punished severely. Revoking their rights, seizing their property, banishing them from their cities, and crippling them and their male relatives out to the fifth degree so that they would live as beggars would be a proportionate response to their thievery. But the fate of the native Kelino traders was not so obvious to him. It would be well received among the remaining Jade Seal merchant houses to wipe out the Kelino and grant them the rights and property. However, this would surely unsettle the harmony of the record trade profits the realm was enjoying. The Kelino merchants had shown initiative and resourcefulness, and the fruits of their labor could hardly be denied. Granting them their own Jade Seals, on the condition of adopting the Yan language and customs, would perhaps even further the reach of the realm’s trade networks. He pondered the choice deeply before drafting a note to the monarch with his recommended course of action.
