The Acolytes emerge through the Veil into the Feyrealm for the first time, at least on purpose. Encased in the humming, distorted light of a shielding spell, they cannot quite see things as they are. But once the initiates have cleared the surrounding area of any possible threat, the shield is dropped, allowing their eyes to glimpse the Feyrealm with their own eyes for the very first time. The most remarkable thing is the explosion of colors that abound. Not just greens, but purples, blues, and reds seem to cover the forest as though a dyemaker's workshop had exploded. The unfathomably tall trees are lined with veins of blue that seem to be channeling arcane force through their bark. Birds of dramatic, colorful visage fly overhead, perching on the branches so high up that it is difficult to crane one's head to look at them. Their songs are so sweet, as though it were an avian symphony performing just for them. It is as if it is the Prime Discordance; the nature of chaotic magic fundamental to the universe; made flesh. Moving deeper into the forest, rainbow-colored mushrooms and plants cover the ground, and the party observes a few small rabbit-like creatures with three eyes and butterfly wings landing gently atop large, purplish-yellow ferns to eat their leaves. Suddenly, there is the telltale vibrations of magical energy, and without hesitation the party covers itself in a shield. Through the blurry field, they see a larger creature with two horns jutting out of its head pounce into view, a fireball streaking from one of its horns to impact a winged rabbit and singe its fur. The little creature yelps in pain, the flames burning up its wings before it is able to escape, and the predator takes its prize. The party drops their shield to observe more clearly, and one of the Acolytes signals to their initiate scouts. They nod, and in moments an arcane net has grasped the limbs of the predator. "We will take this one back for examination." The rest of the expedition goes just as smoothly, and when the group returns to the exit portal, they have collected more than a dozen specimens for experiments, dissection, and analysis. Their little chittering yelps were endearing at first, but have grown annoying, and their mouths are stuffed with cloth gags. "Dictate this report for dispatch to the Charred Tower. the land is rich, and exploitation of the Feyrealm will begin at the earliest opportunity."
