The city of Bulwar is said to be the heart of this land, and we cannot disagree. But the pride with which that is said could not be more misplaced. What greater delusion could there be than to believe that this is a place to be envied? What wretched thoughts must fill the rotten minds of the corrupted souls here? No, it is not right to judge them, for their chains have not been broken. The task of bringing them to truth must fall to us. This city is a viper pit, filled with those who seek nothing but their own advancement in a false system of ranks, prestige, and order. Everywhere, the universal law of Purpose is mocked. None seek growth by taming that which is greater than themselves, for even their religion is but a way for the nihilistic scum to worship only the mundane. They revel in it, smelling the putrid stench of this corrupted order and declaring it to be sweet as flowers. This, too, shall be corrected. The first thing to be crushed is the temples. There is no saving those so dedicated to the preservation of our intangible enemy, and so the lives of those who dwell within are ended by our mercy in front of all. Next are the Twelve Families. The greatest among them must be ended, and the rest must be humbled. That too is done. There are the mages, of course. Some are won over, but others try to resist. It is a shame to execute other persons of sacred Intuition, but those so deluded cannot be allowed to live. Next to be tamed is the underworld. The necromantic enchantments which respond to crime elsewhere in the domain are shortly emplaced here, and the rising bodies of the dead hunt down our targets with little difficulty. They, too, are brought into alignment with their holy Purpose. Before long, all who still live in Bulwar have been brought to see the truth of our ways, and they see now the staircase stretching out before them, one which will carry them from their lowest lows to the glory of the Prime Discordance. Even if they do not yet truly believe, they will, for the nature of reason is that its conclusion is inarguable once one sees the truth of the premises on which it is contingent.
