Every time we believe we have reached a final chaotic harmony, a new path stretches out before us. How we must look back with pity on our past selves. How the hubris of our forebears belied their total ignorance. Even so, there has always been a distant peak, far out of reach. The power of the demiurges themselves, those worshipped as gods by the unenlightened mundanes, has always been just out of our grasp. First we thought it undesirable, then we thought it impossible. Now, however, we see the nature of true power. The ruler is attended by every initiate and Acolyte in the domain, whose combined talents are necessary to power the reality protection sigils preventing the well from ripping a hole in our world. Any mistake could bring a new apocalypse that would, perhaps, be on par with the Day of Ashen Skies itself. Furious testing and hours upon hours of fervent practice have ensured that this will not occur, but one can never be sure that the apocalypse will not come until the work is done. Finally, the ruler descends the crystalline stairs leading down into the Well, slowly submerging into the shimmering purplish-blue pool. Power begins to be drawn, and the sudden rush of arcane force seems to deaden the senses of the whole world. It is as if no other magic even exists, as though all the mundane world until now has been devoid of true power. Screams emerge from the form of the Ascendant Dragon as the ruler begins to drown, thrashing wildly within the whirlpool of arcane liquid, like the Floodborn that bore Escann its countless WitchKings. The mere physical body of the ruler breaks past its limitations and is ripped asunder, blood mixing with the pool of magic. The initiates look on in horror, but the inward flow of magic continues. Power continues to rush into the well from the tunnels below, and more and more pooling before them. It is power worthy of a God, concentrating in on some single point far below the surface. Finally, the last trickles of power coalesce into a single, solid form, shaped like a crystalline egg, or perhaps a cocoon. Then the darkness comes. It is not the simple parlor trick of darkness that has been used at prior ascensions. It is not a spell at all, in fact. The hair of the initiates stands on end as they realize this fact. It is as though the light has been physically extinguished. In fact, it would be impossible to distinguish from blindness if it were not for the persistent cool purplish-blue glow of the magic chrysalis in the Well below. They simply continue their job of preventing the End of All Things, though it is difficult to keep it up as cracks begin to appear on the surface of the object. Then, it shatters. Something, a being in humanoid form, emerges, shining a brilliant purplish-blue and casting enough light by which to see the world. The forest around them is transformed, much of the surrounding flora dying and withering away. Then, the being, which slowly reverts to the naked form of the ruler, speaks, with a voice so deep and loud it shakes the very ground.
