The problem of the Veil that surrounds the Deepwoods has puzzled some of the finest minds among our magical class for quite some time. It seems to be a naturally occurring spell that sustains itself with no obvious source of magical energy, nor with any conscious mind directing it, not even that of the Fey. While selfsustaining abjurations are known to be possible, indeed, they are frequently used for a variety of purposes in Castonath, such abjurations are typically limited to small or precise effects, as they can only draw in ambient magical energy from their immediate environment. The spell on display in the Veil, on the other hand, is many orders of magnitude greater than what we previously believed to be the upper bound on selfsustaining abjurations. This paradox has only deepened as continued investigation has yielded additional information, none of which seemed to fit into our past experience or our esoteric understanding of magical mechanics. However, as each piece of the puzzle fell into place, the monarch was able to supply the great intuition necessary to uncover the solution. the only possible explanation is that the Veil is not being generated under the magical laws of our world, but another plane entirely. We had always thought the Deepwoods to be a part of the Prime Material where the Feyrealm leaked through, but no, the Deepwoods itself is in fact not part of this plane at all, but instead a true part of the Feyrealm forcibly encroaching on the stability of the Prime Material. This indeed explains the Verdant Link, which connects various parts of the Deepwoods, is in fact an entirely physical phenomenon, just under a separate system of physics. The spatial topography of the Deepwoods, and thus the Feyrealm, is not a flat plane superimposed on a sphere, as the Prime Material is, but is instead contorted according to the alien geometry of the Feyrealm; something completely at odds with the foundations of the Prime Material. Modeling the Feyrealm is an incredibly difficult task, but it is now simply a matter of creating navigational enchantments to translate the geometry into shapes more comprehensible to our minds.
