Anbenncóst is a monument to the hubris of the mundane, a revolting nexus of sacrilege and heresy. Here is that city which has done so much to tear down the rightful rule of the magical that Anbennar once dreamed of, to impose social order by which mundanes command the gifted by mere right of birth. All their refuse, all their mountains of lies, all the sinister whispers of the conspiring insects who dare to claim themselves our equal, now lay prostrate before the feet of the Skull Throne. But their acquiescence is not enough. The time for submission has long passed. Any mages who could resist our plans lay slain, the traitors' blood staining the blades of assassins wielding the handiwork of dozens of transmuters back in Castonath. The Acolytes have positioned themselves at different areas along the perimeter of the city, each forming linkages with many initiates, little conclaves of unfathomable power. Their chants have gone on for hours, but now they accelerate. The air itself thrums with so much arcane energy that even the hairs of the mundanes stand on end. Storm clouds gather overhead, the whipping winds sweeping the city streets of their collected filth, soot, and ash. A lightning bolt strikes the heart of the city, and then another, and then a dozen more. Conflagrations and fires begin to spread, sending up smoke and flames to fuel the nightmarish cyclone beginning to form in the skies above. Time, then, for the grand finale. The mages of the domain prepare shields for themselves, and for a few small segments of the city selected to bear witness to the desolation. They draw on vast quantities of power that has been stored up for just this purpose. Their nimble plucking at the strings of reality turns into frenzied slams against the very laws of nature itself, inverting and sundering all semblance of physical order. Walls begin to crumble, liquify, vaporize. Creatures are torn to shreds or simply explode into a fine red mist. And at the city's heart emerges a dark scar, a jagged region of null space that is wholly unnatural, a sight to strike fear in the hearts of all who are yet to come. It is done, and Castonath stands as the unchallenged city at the heart of the world.
