To be a craftsman is not a matter of talent but of skill, which can be trained, perfected, and shared. No matter their heritage or race, with practice anyone could become a skilled craftsman. The human and harimari delegations were well rested and fed before entering the grand hall again for the next round of negotiations. This round dealt with the fate of the middle castes. The delegations slowly became accustomed to each other and chose to show unity by dining together instead of separately. The multiple topics were laid before them and were mostly concerned about trade rights, monopolies, production standards, and in the end, the makeup of the middle castes. The first topic of the second round was focused on the rights of the merchants and who could be a merchant. It was decided that both races were allowed to become merchants if they wished and that they could both trade whatever they wished as long as they had the right permits and contracts. The second topic was that of the tradesfolk. In older times, restrictions were sometimes placed on who could buy jewelry, certain clothing items, and art. These restrictions and any future restrictions are now illegal. The third topic was focused on standards. Both humans and harimari desired the best quality for the best price. A system of standardized quality tests was implemented to ensure the happiness of all. A fourth topic was that of the navy, whose common sailors had always been mostly human but who could never before lead. It was now also decided that humans would now be eligible for officer positions and even the admiralty itself. The makeup of the middle castes would now also be decided. Whether it is true or not, many humans and harimari saw artisanry and mercantile matters as a human affair and would prefer a human middle castes. Yet some argued that while they did also believe humans were the best merchants or artisans, this new nation should open the middle castes up to both races. After some discussion and poetic debate, it was decided.
