"A shepherd must keep its flock well fed and protected, they must show that there is meaning and comfort in being a sheep. If not, the sheep might no longer obey the shepherd and abandon them, stripping the shepherd not only of their livelihood but of meaning all together. Vidak of the Inked Claw"  "The negotiations were held not in the royal palace, a villa or the house of any dignitary. No, they were to be held in a military tent, and one of human command, at that. They had shown the harimari that the era of tiger dominance was over and that the era of humanity had arrived in Rahen. It was a cloudy day and the harimari delegation was escorted under armed guard to the negotiations as the general command held no trust for them. The way the harimari were treated was a sign of the centuries of resentment from a previously subjugated and exploited people. Now the harimari would know how humanity had been treated. Officially, this was a negotiation but in reality the harimari had no room nor power for demands or suggestions. They were defeated and the humans would make all the new terms, split into three rounds of negotiations covering multiple topics. They began.  The first topic of the first round was focused on the distribution of wealth and land. The human delegation wanted vengeance and so a harsh policy of land redistribution was implemented. The harimari would lose almost all their lands and their riches would go to the victors as a way of reparations. The second topic was the full reformation of the army. No longer would the harimari be allowed to serve in the army, as the humans did not trust any of them to be loyal to the new state, effectively the former rebels were now the legitimate armed forces of the state.  The last topic was that of the final makeup of the lower castes. The harimari were being forced into becoming farmers, labourers and service folk en masse. While some humans may want to stay in the lower castes, they would be able to enjoy the spoils of the toiling harimari working for them from now on. A black day for the harimari, a glorious day for humanity as.
