"When harimari fight, they must always be reminded who made their armour, their weapons, and their equipment. Perhaps if they were makers themselves, they would show humility" Hansim Balgujat, former weaponsmith of the Raj  The day was unusually cold for Rahen but it matched the mood of the harimari. In their tents, their delegates bickered: How could this have happened? How could their precious system of rule have collapsed like this? How could these simple and feeble humans best them like this? It did not matter. Their complaints meant nothing now. When the guards entered their tents they were shocked again, by their food this time. The harimar were used to rich, complex foods yet were now provided only plain Khapati bread. After their simple meal and plain water they were escorted to the negotiations once more. They sat down and again were greeted by their unsympathetic hosts who outlined today's ‘negotiations'. These talks would be focussing on the middle castes and that would mean that today they would talk about the backbone of the nation's economy; production and trade.  The first topic of the second round was that of the ‘new economy'. It became clear rather quickly that this new economy would be structured around human ownership of key production chains, trade monopolies and that the harimari would be forced to work menial jobs in these sectors. Functioning as the muscle in manufactories or salesfolk to ease trade in the mercantile sector, yet no harimari could own these businesses. The second topic was control over the navy, which would be fully transferred to humans and who would, just like the harimari, bar any nonhuman from positions of power and control. The third topic was on restrictions over artistic works and crafts. Human art would have only the regular state restrictions, while harimari art would be banned from the realm to prevent any "works of dissent".  Finally the makeup of the entire caste was brought up, and for the first time, the harimari delegation spoke up. First the elder delegate reacted with outrage when he heard that all of harimari economic assets would be redistributed to humans, Secondly the military delegate became furious that the navy would be human only. Desperately the senior harimari delegates begged for the humans to drop the worst demands. But it was already too late, after ages of oppression, there was no mercy or sympathy. It was made clear that the middle castes would be populated with harimari, but that the humans would keep control over all the assets and businesses. After the session, the harimari delegates were escorted to their tents again, yet this time they were treated like prisoners, not esteemed delegates.  The humans bickered amongst themselves a bit afterwards, as it had not been decided whether all middle castes humans would be elevated to the upper castes or not.
