When the delegations entered the great hall, they did not enter as opposing sides any longer. Instead of enemies they greeted each other as friends, exchanging pleasantries and laughing a bit before settling into seriousness for the final negotiations. The trickiness of these negotiations was in the fact that if both races were to live side by side in the upper castes, it was necessary to change the power structure in the nation. The negotiations were split into a few topics again for ease. Luckily for the delegation, a few proposals already existed in the form of writings by the pro emancipatory harimari philosopher Radjgut the Younger, cousin of the more conservative Radjgut the Elder. Many of Radjgut the Younger's teachings and philosophical proposals were brought to the great hall for the delegations to study and gain inspiration from. Now they may reform the nation for the better. First of all were the courts. While they were normally run by harimari, new judges would be appointed from both races. It was decided that in cases that were applicable to both humans and harimari, the judgments would be by both a human and a harimari who would together decide a verdict. In cases specific to either humans or harimari, the case would be judged by one race only. Secondly was the question of administrators and magistrates. It was decided there would be no race requirement for any administrative or government position and both humans and harimari could climb the political ladder on their merits. The only limitations would be based upon a person's caste. Thirdly were the military positions. It was decided that the upper castes could retain the right of generalship but that the army would also function in a more meritocratic fashion, in which exceptional soldiers could also rise to the highest ranks of the army and navy. In the end, when these decisions were made law it was further decided to elevate the most prestigious and important humans in the realm to the upper castes where they would exist coequally with the harimari. Now that the negotiations were finalised and the new accord was signed it was time to celebrate. A grand party was hosted for both human and harimari to celebrate the societal union between the races and the start of a new era, an era of racial equality. Many new friendships were made at the party, many new deals were signed between human and harimari merchants and many exchanged great stories with each other. This future may be new and uncertain, but it would not be faced alone.
