The nomadic Cardesti people, famous for their divination abilities, craftsmanship, and bardic traditions, hail from the distant green riverlands of Rahen, near the mighty river Kharunyana. These folks have a long history of traveling across the world and having nowhere to call home, but that has not always been the case. Having escaped the onslaught brought by Harimar's conquests, the Cardesti journeyed west throughout Bulwar to reach the Castanorian Dominion of Dostanor. Welcomed to settle in those lands, the Cardesti soon developed their communities and crafts, only to be on the run again after they were blamed for bringing about Daravan's Folly and misguiding the half-Cardesti King Daravan. Living a nomadic life for many years, the Cardesti yet again found a chance to settle in a land they could call their own under the rule of the powerful seer Dunicha, who saw them colonize the Forlorn Vale. Originally a favorite among the Castanorian Elite, Dunicha the "Augur Queen" led the state of Great Cardest to prominence across the Borders and Dostanor, but was abandoned by her allies with the rise of Castan Ebonfrost, who invaded the Cardesti lands. Betrayed by some of her own people, who cut a deal to escape the war and return to their nomadic wanderings, the Augur Queen cursed both the forests of her home and the descendants of her perfidious kin with her last breath, saying, "You and your blood will forever be trapped in mine lands, and no man from the Beyond will ever call mine lands home. And to mine blood Beyond, an eternal and malevolent curse. You were offered a place to grow your roots yet you have fled back to the wilds. And flee you shall, for any of mine blood that dares to grow roots shall wither and die within a fortnight." The Queen’s Curse poisoned the land and her people; the forlorn vale was uninhabitable until the elves of Ibevar proved immune to the curse that had prevented the Castanorians from resettling Great Cardest. The Cardesti, meanwhile, were doomed to wander forever, unable to stay in one place for more than two weeks, lest they wither and die a torturous death. So they travel, forced into moving, cursed, and rarely trusted by the settled folk of Cannor, pining for a home but ever on the road.
