Filinas clutched his spear as he watched beyond the barricades in disbelief. There must have been thousands of them out there in the night, some riding those bigcats of theirs, others circling on foot. The Mteibhar had been warning them off for months, saying they were on their lands, but today they attacked the colony like a sudden storm, though the town itself had a few hours of forewarning. They had survived the first attack in the evening, repelling the bharbhen at a heavy cost. Could they survive another? Then a cry of “the bharbhen come again” rang out, and he knew he was about to find out. The Mteibhar turned towards the barricaded entrances to the colony and charged, weapons raised. The earth below shook, as their mages tried to bring down the barricades, and slung huge stones at the Kheionai. Then the soldiers made contact, and then blood and battle and death. Filinas killed two, three, four of the enemy, but still they kept coming. He couldn’t stop though. His wife and children were back in the gymnasium at the town’s center, hiding in the drained baths. How could any of the Kheionai defenders abandon them? “There’s too many,” came a cry from the barricades. “We have to run,” came one from another. Perhaps this is how? Filinas listened in horror, even as he fought on. The Kheionai were routing, routing. Then a militiaman called “every man for himself,” and that was that. The ranks collapsed, and Filinas soon discovered in horror that he was routing too. The Mteibhar broke through. The militia fled as a mass, trying to escape down side streets, even as the gymnasium sprouted flames, and the cries of their loved ones pierced the air. Who had set the fire? Filinas thought, as he was cut down by one of the Bharbhen, the Mteibhar in anger, or the Kheionai in mercy? It didn’t matter. No Mteibhar admitted to the crime, and no Kheionai man, woman or child lived to give an answer. The colony had been razed to the ground, and the Mteibhar were intent on finishing the job.
