The monarch dipped their quill quickly in the ink, then went back to writing the historical copy of the treaty creating the Échate League. Two years of Deyebhen diplomatic effort, and three more years of internal Ambhen political wrangling, was finally coming to an end. Debated over for years in the Synkletos and defeated twice in the Public Assembly, only recently had the Ambhen Kylakas managed to forge a compromise that suited all parties. When the monarch finished writing, they scribbled their signature at the bottom of the scroll, then passed quill, ink and paper over to the ruler. Once they had done so, the ruler of Ameion stood, taking a glass of wine and walking over to the window. “You’d think it would be easier,” the Ambhen Kylakas said, as the monarch looked out over the harbor. Hundreds of ships passed through the port gates, heading east to Taychend or west back to the Nékheis and Kheions. “For centuries, we’ve sought a stable border and good relations with our western brothers. Now we have the former, but the senate and people of Ameion try to prevent the latter at every turn.” The ruler shrugged. “I suppose it’s not surprising. You Ambhen have had an expansionist streak of late, as have we. Isn’t too far fetched to imagine we may come to blows.” The Deyebhen Kylakas signed the document, then stood, walking over to stand next to the Ambhen counterpart. “But we choose a different path. And, with much convincing, your people have as well. We have Devand, you have Taychend, and our cousins in Alecand can keep their deathwinddamned island to themselves.” “For now.” the monarch said, as they took a sip of their wine and watched the ships below. “We were once content with our city. Then Laskaris came, and we boarded those ships and set off to conquer half of Taychend. How long before you do the same? And we’ve both conquered half of Andeios, and all we have left is to kill each other and take the other half.” The Ambhen Kylakas shook their head. “That’s beyond our lifetimes, though. So I’ll just take the victory and be done with it.”
