Like other dwarves of Rubyhold, Kurgum Gemseeker grew up hearing stories of how his ancestors founded Rubyhold, how they mined the most beautiful rubies, and how they gifted the finest ruby they ever unearthed, the Ruby Gem, to adorn the High King's Dwarovkron in AulDwarov. From a young age he wanted to emulate his ancestors, and often fantasised about being the dwarf who would find the Ruby Gem once lost with the Dwarovkron to the orks who now lurked in the ancestral home of all dwarves.  Kurgum was not alone in his ambition, however. Long had there been dwarves within Rubyhold who were eager to reclaim the ancient glory of AulDwarov. This small group of  dwarves, known as the Ruby Reclaimers, were characterised not only by their rowdy zeal but also by their disdain for the old gods of the dwarven pantheon. Instead, they directed their worship toward their dwarven ancestors and their achievements. Kurgum's affinity with the Ruby Reclaimers led him to joining their ranks, and his passion for finding the Ruby Gem made him famous among them.  With the arrival of news of the Greentide, the ever vocal Ruby Reclaimers grew louder than ever before, as more and more young dwarves became eager to reclaim their ancestral homeland in the Serpentspine. News that their rivals in Silverforge had organised several expeditions to the Serpentspine, and that even the Asra Bank had funded a second expedition into the mountains only exacerbated the situation.  With his charisma and zeal Kurgum quickly became the most important leader of the Ruby Reclaimers who wanted to form an expedition to the Serpentspine, using the search for the Ruby Gem as a rallying point for his followers. When King Gronmar Redstone saw the problems this fervour could bring to Rubyhold, he decided to meet with Kurgum and after a long negotiation of terms the Ruby Company was born to find the finest ruby ever mined and reclaim their ancestors' homeland.  The Ruby Company has made a long journey from Rubyhold to the Serpentspine, and now they are here, at the gates of Verkal Kozenad, to find the Ruby Gem.
