First cousin once removed of the Lord Elector of Silverforge, Duran Blueshield spent his youth wandering the world, from the edge of the Deepwoods to the city of Anbenncóst, from the island of Nimscodd to the Winebay and the Sorncóst. Yet as he aged, his wanderlust and fascination with ruins and history only grew. He visited the white walls of Castanor, he crossed through the flooded fields and cities of the gnoll-infested marshlands south of Corvuria, he gazed upon the infamous tower that was once the heart of Black Castanor, and yet no matter how many sights he saw or stories he uncovered, it could never truly satisfy him. He wanted to see the Dwarovar. The ork-infested Serpentspine mountains hid a vast realm of dwarven cities larger than any human metropolis, many-pillared halls of stone dug deeper than the mountains were tall. All he ever truly wanted to do before he died was see those ancient halls, even just once. But as long as orks still ruled the Serpentspine, it was only a dream. And then, one day whilst visiting the western Dwarves of Rubyhold, he heard some news. The orkish warlord, Korgus Dookanson, had declared war on the surface world, pouring across the subcontinent of Escann in a vengeful crusade in the name of their God, the Great Dookan. But only one detail echoed in Duran's mind, to the point of obsession. the Serpentspine mountains had been emptied of orks. In the Lorentish small country, in the town of Thomsbridge, he held a meeting between a number of relatives, adventurers, a wizard, and their halfling host. An agreement was made, a contract signed, and the Company of Duran Blueshield was formed. He knew that there would never be an opportunity like this, ever again. He was not going to wait for the looters to destroy everything before he could see it, and if the Ancestors willed it, he would stop at nothing to reclaim and reforge the homelands he had never known. Years later, after a harrowing journey through the caves and roads of the Dwarovar, the company has finally reached what was once the heart of the ancient Empire of AulDwarov. The quest for the Dwarven homeland has only just begun.
