Telo entered the crypt and approached the machine. His dreaded supervisor had strongly advised him to take a look because its maintenance was of the utmost importance, as it is one of the oldest and most esoteric artificery apparatus in the realm. Alas, it stopped working, despite being powered by a probably still functional dame's tear core. With a sigh, Telo opened a hatch and entered the machine's belly. It was a total mess of pipes, cables, and broken parts. Slightly unnerved by the eerie silence, Telo followed some wires to a panel with several levers. Probably the control center for the whole thing? On top of it, he found a moldy reference book titled 'Door Regulation and Unlocking Machine Maintenance Manual'. Telo flipped through the pages in hope of finding some useful information. 'IMPORTANT. The D.R.U.M. will unlock doors with its four automatic modes. proximity detection of preregistered individuals, insertion of a key, proximity detection of individuals wearing a...'. The rest of the page was unreadable. A few pages later, Telo found a handwritten note circled four times. 'zero, one, two thousand thirty, forty, five thousand fifty-nine, one hundred eleven thirty-five, one thousand three hundred fifty-two, one thousand three hundred fifty-three, one hundred thirty-six thousand one hundred forty-seven, twenty-four, four hundred fourteen thousand one hundred seventy, six hundred, six hundred twenty-six zero three'. Very helpful. Another page was covered in odd shapes resembling squares but with protruding angles from their sides. Telo cast the manual aside and tried pushing one of the levers. The machine shivered, a few gears tentatively clanking, before falling back asleep. Crouching below the panel, he noticed that said lever was halfwired to another lever, and that the cables leaving the second one had been cut off. Telo stood back up and pulled one of the levers he noticed was fully connected. The machine shook itself off, and with a rattle, it finally woke up. In the dim light, Telo screened the machine's innards with increasing frustration. loose springs, leaking tubes, a few parts held together by strings, rusty gears... It would take him days to fix everything.
