The Dwarovar was rich, and everyone knew it. So when news came of the Greentide being broken at Rottenstep, many dwarves were overjoyed at the idea of venturing deep into the now orkfree caves of the Serpentspine and making themselves a fortune. One such attempt has already been made by Fognir Asra, who in fourteen hundred and ten AA led an expedition of his own into the Dwarovar in order to recover the Agate Gem. The success of the expedition led to the creation of the Asra Bank, and no other dwarf was in a better position than Jarmun, a member of the Asra clan and a relative of Fognir, to start an expedition of his own. This time however, the goal would be completely different. Instead of reclaiming a single gem, they would be reclaiming the whole Serpentspine. Assembling an adventurer band and getting the funds was no problem; there were many dwarves thinking that they were entitled to some share of their ancestors' wealth, and Asra Bank was more than happy to provide funding to their brethren. The real issue was the fact that none of these adventurers knew what was actually happening inside the caverns. Many dwarves that fled Khugdihr after the hold was broken in fourteen twenty-four AA were still alive, but even they did not know what awaited them deeper in the mountain. Despite all of this, the Second Asra Expedition was assembled and was ready to face whatever dangers were guarding their ancient homes. After entering Khugdihr through its broken gates, the expedition was met by a small squatter goblin tribe. They obviously stood no chance against the sheer numbers of the dwarves, and the hold was quickly liberated. But they didn't come here for prestige or glory. they came here for riches. Now the expedition has left Khugdihr and stands at the beginning of the great Dwarovrod. Morale is high, and the Asra Bank's funding allows them to stay in the caverns indefinitely. And despite the Asra Bank's charter explicitly stating that profits must take precedence over prestige or any idea of Dwarven glory, many in the expedition are wondering.
