Following the trails of blood left by the feral goblins, the expedition's scouts have located the lair. It sits in a room almost opposite the entrance, hidden by the heat haze over the central pit. The entrance has been repeatedly smashed and broken, enlarging it enough for more than six men to walk through shoulder to shoulder. The adjoining chambers have also had their doorways battered, inner walls collapsed and windows barricaded with sheet metal, creating a rather spacious lair protected from most of the heat of the forge. As the scouts watched, several dead feral goblins were brought from the lair and unceremoniously hurled into the central pit; no doubt their clanboss was angered by their failure to crush the expedition. Unfortunately, with the windows blocked the scouts were unable to ascertain how many goblins remain in the lair or where they store their loot. Despite the lack of information on their numbers, the expedition leader decides to carry out the strike immediately. Right now the goblins will be bickering and fighting over who should take the blame for their previous attack's failure, and who should risk their life to try again. If they can be caught off guard while trapped in their lair their looted equipment and possible numeric advantage will be completely nullified. Hugging the walls of the forge chamber to remain undetected, the expedition approaches from both sides of the lair simultaneously. At the front are mages escorted by a small retinue of soldiers. On the leader's mark the mages will blast fireballs into the lair, summon flashes of light and plumes of smoke, and generally attempt to disorient all the goblins inside. Any goblins rushing out of the lair for reprieve will be swiftly cut down, and once the mages are spent the main body of the army will enter the lair to mop up the remains. As the leader begins counting down with hand signals a loud belch emanates from the lair doorway. Daring not to breathe, the whole expedition watches powerlessly as a cave troll lumbers out of the doorway. It turns to the side lazily, meeting the leader's gaze uncomprehendingly. As its eyes widen and it raises the misshapen hunk of metal it carries with both hands, the leader desperately cries, "Now. Attack now."
