From the earth an unremarkable black rock, from the fire a metal dark as the night, and with the spoken word a true identity revealed. What was once ordinary, now is powerful. The true power of Ebonsteel is to resist failure; incoming blows are blocked by the metal's innate desire to remain untouched. Many heroes in Gerudian history have sworn by a plate of Ebonsteel for their resilience. Yet there is another identity yet unspoken for in Ebonsteel. In ancient times, the Ebonsteel was crafted individually, with every piece given a different tale to imbue it with unique power. The modern rediscovering of the forging of Ebonsteel has lost this individuality, depending on a set list of litanies to be recited to unlock its magical properties. And while it may be possible to achieve the way of our ancestors once more, what has been achieved now is something of a useful compromise. Some of the latent properties of Ebonsteel can be reawakened during their forging with a new mix of recited tales. However, this awakening of properties has a strange side effect. all Ebonsteel armaments already massforged with our already established Skaldic songs will be overwritten with the newer ones, and from then will remain stubbornly unchangeable in their identity. The old identities that have resurfaced are old, yet have changed over the years in their own ways. Skaldic Fire was once imbued into weapons to give the gift of burning flame with each blow, but now can be delivered from afar with Ebonsteel firearms. The Fire that sustains Gerudia from the endless winter can now not only burn our enemies, but also shield us from their own missiles, burning them away into embers. The Einherjar Essence taps into the power of all our past heroes, not only our immediate ancestors. While empowered by the Einherjar, each swing is masterfully swung and each blow absorbed by supernatural guidance, and with every wound inflicted by the Ebonsteel weapon, the dread grows in the minds of the enemy with the wrath of centuries of Gerudian heroes.
