The northern edge of the Effelai is where the world ends. Pressed up against the great sea to the north and the Effelai to the south, the tribe of the people has spent almost its entire existence along or near these shores. We're no strangers to haunting lights in the sky, constellations there one day and gone the next, or occasional nightmares carried in on the ocean breeze. Those are just things the eyes see, and eyes always lie in the Effelai. Compared to delving deeper into the jungle and facing its horrors, we've always chosen the safer, if more eerie, shores of the sea. But to truly earn the right to have our own songs and tales, we've had no choice but to venture deeper into the jungle. We rely on our ears to guide us. The jungles here have a calmer song, a more thoughtful tune. The old songs say these notes were unique to Soruin. They inspire curiosity and determination. It's why our ancestors came here. Now we search for a place, one where the jungle's song resonates with perfect harmony. Where an ancestor once felled a treacherous river monster, and found a ruined shrine of the old elves. It is nothing like we expected. The ruler stares up at the ruins, greater in person than the songs made them out to be. A great hand of glass reaches from the earth, as if some giant were buried here, fruitlessly grasping for salvation. A river flows through the toppled remains of some once great palace, carving caverns out of the old masonry. We walk through ancient halls even the Effelai has struggled to totally subsume, running our fingers over the intricate carvings in the stone edifices. We stop at a mural depicting elves much like us and feel a great sense of loss. The world is old. Even in our most ancient songs, the first heroes speak of a world that came long before them. Of things buried in the ruins, too malevolent and wicked to ever truly die. They journeyed to these places to fight and kill them anyways. And now, standing here where they once stood, our purpose a flame renewed. Our burden is not great beasts, but the sense of loss itself. The first steps of the great pilgrimage have been completed. And the people prepare for a festival unlike any before it to celebrate. We build a great bonfire and dance, singing in harmony with this holy place, voices echoing in the valley made from old buildings. We eat fish, cassava cakes, and mashed plantains. We compose the newest verse of our song, one dedicated to ourselves as a whole.
