The genie palace stood unchanged from when we last broached its entrance deep in the Plane of Earth. The Zatsarya at its middle stood gleaming and sparkling as vibrantly as the last time we saw it. The military detachment was smaller compared to last time we passed through the portal in Shalazar, yet more confident. This time the genies did not even notice the force until they had entered the grand palace gates. The first pair of genies spotted did not even speak, but merely waved a hand in the general direction of our army and continued their conversation. But nothing happened. The army continued to march. The first round of soldiers started to prepare their muskets. One of the genies stared at their hand in confusion. The other peered at the army in disgust, until their eyes rested on a singular figure in our midst. Her expression shifted slowly from disgust to horror to sheer panic and, stumbling over herself, she screamed and ran. Fear too struck the second genie, but instead he stood up and shouted. “By the power of my wish, I demand you all to cease your existence.” The air shimmered. Sparks shot from the genie’s hands and swirled above the army, before coalescing into a single stream and pouring down into the open mouth of a single, widefrilled lizard. The genie did not move; he was frozen in place through nothing but abject terror. The last thing he could do before being riddled with musketfire was scream. “A WISHCATCHER...” Within three hours, the entire palace had been occupied. Every genie had either been driven out, or been eaten? It was not clear what happened. Musketfire could not kill a genie, but it did temporarily incapacitate them. Then the wishcatcher would approach the genie and it would simply fade, leaving behind nothing but a pair of curlytoed boots. Genies were supposed to be incapable of dying. They can only be bound or banished. But if their very essence of being was eaten, what happened? Whatever had happened, genies were no threat to our kind anymore. The spire could be returned to its rightful place in Shalazar. The being that so terrified both elves and genies had returned. No mutation could ever be wiped out again, for now we knew they could always be brought back. Every mutation is eternal. Our empire is eternal.
