It was originally thought nobody would dare try to live on Atamumba. The Hivemind was still not fully understood, and some theorised that simply staying on the planet might infect the inhabitants again. For a nation as large as Khatalashya, however, barely a tiny fraction of the population needed to be mad enough to brave the unknown, to attempt settling on a planet that might infect their mind, for their numbers to be enough for a full colony. It’s how the other space colonies got started after all. For those who did make the journey, they were richly rewarded. The many fields the Hivemind had ploughed were easy to commandeer and adapt. The homes were very bare and simple, but were sturdy and easy to move into once you removed the few bodies from the corners of the rooms. Sometimes one of the Hivemind lizardfolk would wander into the town, barely alive. Some would simply stand in place and scream. Others would just curl up in their old house, gnawing at their arms. Others would try to attack, although their attempts were erratic and generally ineffectual. Some were different though. One walked up the Zatsarya, brandishing a piece of cloth with an incredible drawing of the spire on it, its thousand stars depicted in a fashion that seemed to glint at night. Another started mimicking the settlers by helping out in the fields, bringing in the grain, copying their speech, sleeping in a bed left out for it. It was often left a wide berth, but during an early harvest celebration, it joined in with the dancing. Even in Taneyas there were reports of a group of them who had built their own boat on the Tressik Isles and sold fish at the local market, fish they had caught themselves. While they faced heavy ostracisation, especially across Taneyas which had borne the brunt of the damage during the Hivemind invasion, the other colonies had not seen fighting and were more willing to accept these strange yellowscaled lizardfolk. It helped that their ability to fire the shards from their bodies made them excellent at defending the colonies from whatever other space monsters were out there.
