How delightful. We are so glad to hear you have reunited with your brethren. There was an excited murmur around the crowd. So they are indeed lizardfolk like us, then? said the lizard who was tasked with the noble duty of speaking with the Thraxis. When did our ancestors leave this world and establish new homes on other planets? Was this the first empire? The Thraxis paused, spinning in place for a while. We don’t leave this planet. That which lives in the sky would not allow us to, and we do not wish to venture into one of those lovely spires of yours. This planet you speak of may have been visited by your kind before you even reached this world. There was a short pause, but this one was interrupted by the crowd, who almost in unison started shouting new questions. Even the head speaker, tasked with both containing the crowd and conversing with the Thraxis, had temporarily lost her composure. Eventually, a naga hushed the crowd with a spark of magic lightning shot into the air, a violent crack. In the stunned silence, the naga in question broke protocol and spoke. Are you telling us that lizardfolk do not come from this world? Did you not know? asked the Thraxis, prompting another outburst from the crowd and another crack of lightning from the naga. We would have mentioned it sooner if we had realised. The Thraxis seemed to realise that this statement had riled up the crowd, because its next words were spoken with a much softer tone; as soft as any tone spoken by a million voices could be, at least. Your kind has a word. Rakh, do you still use it? We find it to be a lovely descriptive word. The word for home, but also the feeling of belonging. This may not be your original homeworld, but that does not make this land not your home. You do not need to have been born here. You have made this land your home, and it will remain yours for as long as you live here. It will also remain part of each of you who does leave this world. Think of it like the many new mutations your kind undergoes. Each mutation becomes part of your people. Each dead mutation remains part of your people. You are of this planet, and every planet of lizardfolk is part of you. You are all you are, and all you have been is part of you.
