At last, the druids and mages have sent word that their investigation into the magical anomaly within the ruin has borne fruit. it appears that the unstable veil is a dormant portal, waiting to be opened. To where it leads is unknown, but the druids insist that the magic is stable and permanent, without risk of closing. From a safe distance you watch as the druids form a circle around the portal, beckoning and uttering arcane incantations, causing it to tear apart, leaving a jagged opening. Within moments a surface appears between the portal’s edges, wavy like a lake’s surface at first but soon flattening out. An image of somewhere else soon appears, vibrant purples and oranges against sodden black stone. Mesmerized by the vision, you hardly notice that two figures step out of the portal, one short and wearing a skull of an avian creature and the other tall and strong. Stooped over and still looking at a scrap of mosslike paper, the avian skulled creature asks, "We seriously back in the Deepwoods again? I told you all that wandering around would lead us right back in a circle, didn’t I?" "Nah, this doesn’t look too familiar, these ain’t the same woods," the large tusked figure slowly utters after peering around, not noticing you and the druids. "Least there ain’t any of them pointy-eared leaf eaters ‘round here." The feathered skull looks up from the map, revealing beady red eyes. "This might be the first time you were ever useful, Mûg, if you weren’t saying the complete obvious facts. Come on now, make it up to me and get us some firew... hol’ on," he points with a sharp, yellow nail towards a low wall. "Looks like someone’s stacked here some stones." "Right, they don’t stack themselves," shouldering his jagged axe, the big one ambles towards the wall, "lemme take a look…" The massive figure looks at the ancient bricks, pulls one out of the ancient mortar, and throws it in the distance. An audible thud and a gasp causes the large figure's eyes to open up and look for his little companion. "Somethink not right Zyt, hear that? Sounded like them pointy ears when they break a nail." "Well I never. I don’t care if this ain’t the Deepwoods, them elves are still here. They ain’t driving us outta these woods this time, let’s get them."
