The answer to the greatness and longevity of Castanor, the monarch, had come to obsessively believe, were the mysterious Trials of Castan. Many specific details are vague, perhaps lost to the vagaries of time, but accounts do agree on a few points. The Trials were a tradition started by Castan the Second Beastbane, seeking to follow in the Progenitor's footsteps. After summiting the Trialmount as Castan the Progenitor did, Beastbane added his own trial for every future Castan to complete, and so the tradition continued, with each successive Castan adding their own challenge to the mix. Only by proving one's worth in the ever more complicated Trials could one prove oneself worthy of becoming the next Castan. All this ended with the War of the Sorcerer King and the final Battle of Trialmount. It is said by many that the magical energies and destructive forces wrought by the battle forever tainted the Trialmount. At the very least, the battle rendered the mountain inaccessible for years after the battle. Stories of still active magical traps, pockets of dark energy, and even echoes of ghostly appearances of the Sorcerer King himself kept most out of the area, even as Castellyr and Escann started to consolidate and prosper in the centuries after the war. For the average person, the Trialmount and the Trials of Castan have long faded into history, banished from the public conscience by events since such as the Greentide and Wars of Escanni Consolidation. The monarch was not satisfied. Surely, some of the Trials would have survived. Surely, centuries of time would have dissipated the worst of the remaining dangers of the Trialmount. And most importantly, experiencing the Trials would surely open the monarch up to the insight and wisdom of the greatest Castans, just by following in their steps. In the meantime, Trialmount was overgrown. Glory Road was in disrepair, many of the paths leading from and to the disparate Trials had been swallowed by the hungry roots of trees, and the North Citadel was still a shadow of its former self without the old aqueduct feeding it. Before any could attempt the Trials of Castan again, they needed to be reclaimed from time and the wilds. While this was happening, the monarch could devote all of their time to pouring over every last detail of each of the Castans and preparing for the trials.
