Tanchi led her servers back down the service corridor, stopping before the east entrance of the Big Hall. She watched her ducklings form up behind her, her beady eyes flickering down the column for lapses in uniform, but her people knew tonight was important. Eventually, she nodded. "Big smiles, everyone," she said, and pushed open the door. The hall's immensity still shocked newer arrivals, little cousins of the royal clan too far from succession to be anything but royal staff. They couldn’t resist the urge to stare straight upwards, lost in the maze of stone vaults and spans, the ancient, faded carvings so far off the ground that it seemed absurd they had been built for mortal eyes. It had been necessary to bring the scale of the space down, and so each table had been set in its own temporary little room, walled on three sides by richly curtained barriers. The only exception was the royal table in the dead centre, where the leaders sat. All the other tables in the room faced this central table, and so from above they formed a great flower blossom. The barriered tables made for deep conversation, encouraged a feeling of privacy, of disinhibition and closeness. Every now and then Tanchi could hear a burst of laughter from one enclosure or another, as if from the window of a tavern. Her team carefully handed some of their ceramic dishes to the group who were waiting on the royal table; they would be glued there all night, ready to serve immediately. Truthfully, Tanchi barely thought about being only a few feet from so much power. To her, everyone here might as well have been interchangeable stomachs; it wasn’t her job to care about anything else. Tanchi had come up from the scullery maids, and she was not too proud to get stuck in with her team. Soon she found herself by a table of willowy, teakskinned elves. She waited for a lull and approached, placing the great dish and lifting its lid as the elves watched. Steam billowed into the air as it had at every other table, a village of chimneys on a cold night. The elves leant forward to inspect the main course; shark, naturally. "I can serve it for you, if you prefer." She still felt a little awkward in the presence of elves; felt their age, wondered about all they had seen in their time, the breadth of their world. Hers was this place; this fortress she knew like her own heartbeat; and nowhere else. One of the women waved her off, the light from the table lamp glinting on her rings, on the silver brocade in her gown sleeve. "No no, darling, we want to get into the spirit of things." "Gosh, say what you want, but these gobbos know how to steam a fish." Tanchi was already leaving, and only barely heard her say it, and yet a quiet smile danced on her lips.
