A second delegation arrived as the night drew in, their torches pinpricks in the gloom, spotted from the walls of the stronghold long before their final approach. The speakers considered not allowing them entry at all, and stood muttering in small groups in the great stone hallways of the hall, yawning and dithering in their nightrobes. In the end, though, they relented. In dealings with the fey it paid to be polite, even or perhaps especially when one intended to turn them down. This oddball group of charlatans, warlocks and outcast goblins came unbidden; how they came to know of the summit remained distressingly vague. The shamans, both those of the realm and those of their forest allies, were up in arms immediately. They argued that even to meet with the warlocks was to invite disaster, that such work as needed doing in the cursed lands was an act of patience, of communion with the land. Tempting, yes, to entrust a little of yourself to the fey to avoid a hardship, to avoid waiting, but there is always a cost. Sometimes to do something right is to accept that it will take time. It wasn’t that the clanspeakers did not listen. They feared and respected their shamans, and knew that such a spirited intervention was rare enough to be worth taking into account. The feytalkers did not hide the cost of such a pact, either; sailormages given to the forest for a time, so that the fey would forever know a few of the realm’s secrets. Tribute and sacrifice, both as part of the ritual itself and as part of thankful deference towards the fey. And a lot of will, a lot of energy. It was hard to see how the fey would agree to an exchange that did not balance in their favour, and this made the clanspeakers wary. And yet… the realm was not alone in its ambitions towards the Flooded Coast. Goblins more than most knew how to make use of marginal terrain, and drained wetland made for good farming, good homesteading and birdfishing. Properly claimed, the Dreadmire could form a vast march through which enemies would have to squelch for weeks, and it would not be left alone forever. If the realm did not act now, others would act in their absence. In the lonely, ancient towers of the stronghold, the clanspeakers brooded over what to do.
