Since the time of the great western Exodus we have been accustomed to peripatetic rule, largely defined by the military need of the moment. As we assert ourselves as an equal to our neighbours, the clanspeakers increasingly counsel the ruler to establish a formal court and palace for Landshark, an extended clan complex that can deal with the complicated bureaucracy of a growing and prosperous state. Though the current gathering place has established itself as a gathering place for our quartermasters and logisticians, there is no overwhelming consensus that it should be our capital or the site of our ruling complex, and this has become a source of intense debate. Speaker Makcha’s Shark tendency is arguing for the complex to be built at Bal Ouord, the traditional centre of authority in the Overmarch and a key strategic fortress and port. She argues that invoking the legacy of Bal Ouord is a good way to legitimise the state and impress envoys, as well as keeping the extended family of the ruler safe. It is a place with ancient history, visually impressive, and a symbol of our successes on land and at sea. It also already has a significant goblin minority, who know the city and its byways intimately. The Open Trade tendency led by Speaker Adgak is arguing for Katrano, a city and canton surrounded on three sides by water, the old capital of the Crathánori. They view a Katrano capital as a chance to stamp Landshark identity on a city not quite as longlived as Bal Ouord. Katrano is also the country’s economic heart, sitting along every major sea route in the northern Divenhal and gazing across the water at the trading hub of Gemisle. It is a green and pleasant land, perfect for construction and expansion, which favours no existing clan and allows for a city truly in our image. Of course, there is always the choice to formalise and expand our court in the current gathering place; it has the weight of tradition, and represents our pride in the Exodus, of making do with the resources available to us. It is also a place firmly under the control of the ruler. Regardless of where we hang our cloaks, this is a clear sign that we are no longer a straggling band but a country, ready to formalise our state bureaucracy.
