In the jungle that provides for them, it is easy to forget how hard life can be elsewhere. to forget the gnolls, and hunger, and flight. And yet they must be grateful for those who suffered yet prevailed. I will sing to you of the Ujun Sisters, and the hardships they endured, and how they saved their people. Things were peaceful for them and their kin, until the gnolls invaded. They had nowhere to go but away, and so the Ujun Sisters led them far from their ancestors’ lands. Their journey was full of hardships. monsters, demons, and ogres hungry for flesh. It was to one such ogre that the second sister lost her life. The ogre cried, "My stomach rumbles. Give me something to eat, or I will make a meal out of you." The people had no food to give and began to weep. But the second sister was clever and kind, and she volunteered herself. She ate the red berries that her people knew never to touch, and let the ogre take her. And thus the poison that ran through her ran through him too, and the ogre was no more. The people went on, still hungry, until the third sister found a wishing bracelet. She wished with all her heart for cattle to feed the people. But the djinn bound within was evil, and so he granted her wish by twisting her into the form of her own beloved cow which the gnolls had killed. The first sister searched for her, and found only a cow. Not enough to eat, but perhaps enough to move the gods. She brought it before an altar, and as she made her sacrifice, the dying animal looked up at her with her sister's eyes. The first sister had nothing now, and fell into grief. She turned her knife on herself, but before she could sink it into her heart, a miracle unfolded before her. The third sister rose as a goddess of cows, and from her mortal remains hundreds of cattle sprung forth; enough to feed the people. And from the second sister's death came new life, and she rose as the goddess of childbirth. The first sister led the cattle back to her people, and guided them to their new home, and taught them to farm the land. And when she died in time, she rose to stand beside her sisters. They now guide the people as mother of cows, mother of beauty, and mother of the sickle.
