Lothane hit the ground with a thud, head ringing from the blow. The recruits cheered for Corin, as she extended a hand to help Lotahen to his feet. Their sparring continued until it was time for Corin to meet with the Marcher Lords, but before leaving, Corin gestured for Lothane to come with her.  "Impressive.", Lothane congratulated her. "I've never seen techniques like those before."  "That's the problem", Corin replied. "Ever since I returned from death with these powers, I've started to forget how to fight as a human. Almost nothing of what I showed was useful to them. I should have let you do the teaching." Corin hesitated for a moment, before pressing on: "I want you to accompany me to the meeting."  Lothane had never met with the Marcher Lords before, but he trusted Corin's decision. He knew the topic at hand. Corin planned to enter the Deepwoods for reinforcements, and the Marcher Lords needed to handle her absence. Despite his nervousness, Lothane could just sit back and watch as the meeting proceeded. Or so he thought, until Corin pointed to him. "I don't know how long my mission will be, but until I return I expect you to follow Lothane as you now follow me." Lothane's mind went blank, and his tongue numb. Ignoring the eyes now upon him, he staggered to his feet. Corin turned towards him, her face not that of a commander or avatar, but of a friend. "I know great rulers and brilliant commanders, but none whose heart I can trust more than yours. Will you lead them in my absence, Lothane?"  "Lothane?"  "Lothane? Are you alright?" The words reach Lothane's ears as if through water, and his eyes open to a bright, dizzying world. The sergeant he had been sparring with pulled him to his feet, and after many assurances he left the recruits' remaining drills to her.  He had been instructing them like Corin once asked, but now he needed a moment alone with the memory.  It had been many years since that day, and Lothane had learnt much about both ruling and commanding. But was his heart still the same? Lothane wasn't sure. But whether it was pristine or blackened, he would forever give the same answer he had given Corin all those years ago:
