Beauty is in spirit and action, not in the flesh. The Adeanic priest said, "Leave the pleasing of the eyes to the gardeners, and courtship to the ladies-in-waiting. Truth is found staring death in the eyes on the field of battle, where the layers are peeled and the naked man remains." While due respect must be shown to all the gods regardless of which one chooses to revere above others, it is no secret that a ruler of men is expected to worship a ruler of gods, and that a leader of men is expected to worship a god of war. Often has the monarch been approached by those concerned with their chosen patron in Ryala, and the monarch has come to share the concern of the ruler. This had led the monarch to spend much of their time in contemplation, knelt before the goddess' statue, longing for answers. It was on a morning of such prayers, when the waking sun poured its light into the monarch's retreat and cast the statue of Ryala that the monarch was praying to in a halo of divine radiance, that the answer came to the ruler. The monarch not only saw but felt the divine apotheosis of the icon of the goddess into Ryala herself, and before that pure soul of love all else melted away, leaving only Her. In that moment the ruler could do naught but weep, at the idiotic cruelty of a world obsessed with war, where held first in the hearts not love, but hate. Those poor misguided fools who had not experienced divine grace. Who would go the whole of their lives without witnessing the absolute redeeming love the Ryala revealed before you that morning. Who chose to worship war, instead of a power far greater; one that could make the mightiest of sovereigns shed tears, that had led countless men and women to throw away their lives across time. War may come to the realms of men, but to worship a god of war foremost? No, that way was the folly of the worldly. After a moment that seemed like it lasted for eternity the sun shifted, and as quickly as the resplendent presence had come upon the monarch, it vanished, and Ryala was gone, leaving only the statue of her likeness behind. For a moment, the tears of joy and love threatened to turn bitter at the sudden absence of the goddess, but the monarch wiped them from their cheek before they could fall. Those who saw the ruler say that they moved with a grace sublime and a certainty unquestionable, and from that day the title never again doubted the power of absolute love, nor its supremacy over the little power of war.
