Some would argue that the place of a ruler is not in caverns or dungeons, risking their lives to fight foul creatures that threaten the realm. Some would say that adventurers are a necessary evil and it is beneath the dignity of a sovereign to playact as one. The monarch, of course, knows this to be the advice of soft men and pampered women who have lived their lives unthreatened by vile things that lurk in the shadows. Such evils have led the ruler to the yawning portal that opens before them, a great gash in the earth that looms ominous before them and the adventurers who also partook of the expedition. Many peasants had vanished in the area, and many days of tracking and investigation had led to this cave. Whatever monsters laid inside, they would not leave. One by one, the adventuring company drew their weapons and torches and made their way inside. Many hours would pass as the company delved below, striking at the monstrous heart of evil that lay beneath the surface before making their escape back to the surface. Bursting into the sunlight as the stones of that wretched cave shuddered and crumbled behind the monarch, the adventurers flung themselves into the grass. For a moment, the only sound was the panting of exhausted warriors who barely escaped death. Then, from the monarch's lips, a laugh, a smile breaking across their face, as they looked around to their companions. The laughter spread like a rolling wave across the exhausted heroes, and soon enough all were roaring with the great comic joy of life, triumph, and exhaustion. They sat there, soaking in the coolness of the morning dew, exalting in victory. Is this what it is like, to be a hero, the monarch wondered? Those foul creatures had taken so many lives in the area and now, by the monarch's hand, they were no more. Is this how Corin felt, when she slew the Dookanson? Had these valiant adventurers become the monarch's own circle of companions? It truly felt wonderous, to take the world into one's own hands and see things set right by the work of blade and bravery. By the time the monarch returned to court, news of the victory had already started to spread. Soon enough, the incredible tale of the adventure was told in every tavern in the realm. Most every fashionable merchant, trendy noble, bold priest could thereafter be seen trying their hand with a weapon, blades deftly dancing all through the courtyards as they sought to mimic the monarch and try their hand in plying the trade of Corin's justice.
