Some would argue that the place of a ruler is not in caverns or dungeons, risking their lives to fight foul creatures that threaten the realm. Some would say that adventurers are a necessary evil and it is beneath the dignity of a sovereign to playact as one. But Lothane knows that it is his duty as Corin's successor to fight back against the vile things that lurk in the shadows. Such evils have led Lothane to the yawning portal that opens before him, a great gash in the earth that looms ominous before him and the adventurers who he had gathered for the expedition. Many peasants had vanished in the area, and many days of tracking and investigation had led to this cave. Whatever monsters laid inside, they would not leave. One by one, Lothane's company drew their weapons and torches and made their way inside. Many hours would pass as the company delved below, striking at the monstrous heart of evil that lay beneath the surface before making their escape back to the surface. Bursting into the sunlight as the stones of that wretched cave shuddered and crumbled behind Lothane, the adventurers flung themselves into the grass. For a moment, the only sound was the panting of exhausted warriors who had barely escaped death. Then, from Lothane's lips, a laugh, a smile breaking across his face, as he looked around to their companions. The laughter spread like a rolling wave across the exhausted heroes, and soon enough all were roaring with the great comic joy of life, triumph, and exhaustion. They sat there, soaking in the coolness of the morning dew, exalting in victory. The experience felt distantly familiar to Lothane; and of course it was, he realized, Corin's Circle had reacted much the same way after their more perilous adventures. Yet at the same time, those memories seemed more distant than usual, less wistful. Looking at the men and women around him, they seemed to him every bit the heroes that the Circle had been. Lying on the grass, eyes toward the skies, a piece of Lothane relaxed that had been tight for a long, long time. It truly felt wondrous, to once again take the world into his own hands and see things set right, assisted by trusted friends. Though ruling the realm still took up most of his time, Lothane would often find occasion to meet up with the party again, and occasionally joined them on missions as well. While some complained about the risk to the ruler's life, and the time spent away from the capital, none can deny that his mind seems sharper and more energetic than it was before. And perhaps someday, if he takes a moment before rejoining the party in a busy tavern, he might realize those adventurers speak of him in just the way he speaks of Corin.
