The Glasshammer clan and Orlghelovar’s ministry of trade have spared no expense. Constructed across half a city block, the exhibition hall of the Glasshammer Fair is four storeys tall, the wall facing the street a series of stunning stained glass panels between thin vertical shafts of marble bricks. In each window, images of glassmaking from across Halann are depicted; Orlghelovar only appears in a single window, but all the images are detailed in the same uniform shade of cobalt blue. The exhibition is humming with activity. A group of wealthy Beepecker merchants crowd around a stall of Cobalt Dwarf tableware, negotiating a private commission with a grayhaired dwarven glassmaker. A pair of welldressed elven university students stare, fascinated, at a live display of glassblowing in front of a miniature furnace. It is as if our domain has gathered the whole world into this hall, to share in the beauty of our crafts. What a grand day for Orlghelovar. Growing up in Orlghelovar, ambassador Ombric Sternforge does have a healthy appreciation for glassmaking, but she has also seen many, many variations of tableware, windows, and sculptures. Walking through the Glasshammer Fair, what draws her to the display of the Ecklebozz Company is the novelty. where other exhibitors display sculptures and goblets, the gnomish firm has instead set up a complicated array of lenses to focus light streaming in from the exterior window into a narrow beam that boils the water held within a clear glass teapot. What has kept her engrossed in conversation with head glassmaker Oodob Ecklebozz for the past three hours, however, is that the creativity of the gnomes is not restrained to boiling water. He explains that the funding of this kind of novel experimentation is the secret to the success of many gnomish firms and hierarchies. Where Orlghelovar has researched only methods to replicate the glassmaking of old AulDwarov, Mr. Ecklebozz talks warmly of an engineer that was supported for twenty years with no results, only to eventually produce a lensed device for looking around obstacles that has seen great use in warships. "Others call it a gnomish approach," he says, "but I think it’s a choice any manager could make. There are curious people in every community. We simply give them funding, and eventually reap the rewards. Why restrain yourself to the discoveries of the past? The future is built on the back of innovation. All the colonies of Aelantier owe their existence to the invention of the humble compass. Who knows what will be the next invention to shake the world?" Many, many hours later, ambassador Ombric pens a letter to the monarch, detailing the benefits of the gnomish model of state-funded, open-ended scientific research and experimentation, and suggesting the establishment of such a research institute within Orlghelovar. One hundred years later this humble letter, displayed under glass in Orlghelovar’s State Library, is held up as one such object that shook the world.
