The ritual started shortly after midnight. Camels had brought the offerings to the desert earlier in the day, then retreated to a safer place. Gnoll soldiers and Mašnsih humans with large drums beat out a slow rhythm to draw the dragon’s attention, led by the ruler themselves. The ritual took hours, right until the sun started peaking over the mountains that separated the Salahad from Rahen, until finally the Sand Demon answered the call. It breached the sand from directly under the drummers, prompting both gnollish soldiers and Mašnsih humans to scream and flee. Its two haggard wings rose up and blotted out the rising sun, kicking up a whirlwind of sand in the process. The great dragon shook the sand from its body, its gaze shifting from the fleeing soldiers to the great pile of treasure, and finally lowered its head to stare directly at the one mortal that hadn’t fled. the ruler. A deathly silence spread across the scene as the two figures, so wildly different in height, stood their ground. Finally, the ruler spoke. “Oh great Sand Demon of the Salahad. We come bearing this great gift for you, recognising your power beneath the sands of this vast desert.” The ruler gestured towards the treasure behind them, then turned and pointed to the sun rising over the mountains behind them. “All we ask of you in return is to recognise that every grain of sand that is touched by that light is our domain.” Complete silence, save for the sand still trickling from the dragon’s body. It leaned its head closer to the ruler, sand falling off its spiked head and onto the ruler, right until its head was mere inches from the gnoll, its breathing visibly ruffling their fur. The ruler reached out their hand and, without flinching, placed it on the dragon’s snout. “Do we have a deal?” The dragon let out a snort so sudden it blew over the ruler. It whipped its giant tail into the ground, kicking up a massive cloud of sand that started swirling and crackling through the air. Then, as soon as it started, the sandstorm subsided; the dragon gone, treasure pile gone, the ruler standing alone, sand falling from their body, with a grin wider than the heavens, spread across their face. The ruler turned to the crowd emerging from hiding, spread their arms wide as the sun rose from behind them, and started to laugh.
