A child pulling at their mother’s dress asking for more candy, a group of Ynnic merchants cheering for their favorite jockey, an Epednar and a steadsman plummeting to the ground after a twelfth round of brandy. After all these years, it has finally returned once more; the proving of the plums. The grounds of the festival are large, by some accounts larger than ever. While originally just a competition to see who has the best plums and plumbrandy, the Proving of the Plums has in recent decades transformed into something more; a celebration of the hybrid culture of Plumstead, of steadsfolk, Epednar and Ynnics. A symbol of unity through diversity. Besides the proving itself, activities and goods are abundant and diverse. food stands deliver us delicious snacks like plumcrisps, plumcottoncandy and cornworgs; large halls filled with tables and kegs bring us the most delicious plumbrandy from each corner of the realm; a big running course cuts right through the fairgrounds and can only be crossed by large wooden bridges on which the betting offices and large fixed spy glasses reside; the central square is filled with peculiar devices and machines like the carousel, a large spinning platform, invented by a group of students of the UotD or the ups’n’downs, a machine with seats or a vertical wheel which brings riders high into the sky before slowly descending back to the ground. Besides fun, there are also more serious options on offer, like the lecture halls in which both intellectuals and commoners can hold lectures on a varied range of topics from agriculture to Ynnic history. Alongside this, there are a plethora of tournaments in gunnery, archery and horse riding, all of which are known to be extremely competitive and have in a few rare cases resulted in shootouts between frustrated competitors. So what activity will we engage in this time? Will you go plum tasting to see who has the best crops in the land, or will you indulge in the delicacy that is plumbrandy? Maybe you’d rather attend a lecture, like this one on physiocratic agriculture or perhaps this, on Cannorian fashion trends? Unless the artificed wonders from the UotD are more your style, or if you are competitive, why not take part in the horse races or the gunnery and archery tournaments. There is much to do, so take your pick.
