It is not easy work, leading the Corintar. In fact, it is quite difficult, shepherding this ragtag band of adventurers into something more. Even though the manic chaos of those first few years has passed, when he forged a broken circle into Escann's sword and shield, Lothane 'Bluetusk' Silmuna's work has not yet ceased. There are always more campaigns to plan, even if he is not at their vanguard. There are always more adventuring disputes to smooth over, the same arguments arising again and again to the point he feels he could handle them in his sleep. There are always more forms to sign, more work orders to requisition, more trade agreements to be forged, new land to divvy up, and old grudges to sort out. It is enough that the days blur by, sometimes. And the weeks, and the months. And the years. Or so Lothane realizes, one day, as he sits at his desk in the center of the capital. What once was a command tent became the largest room in a hastily constructed fort, then a similar space in a somewhat more sturdy fort, and now they have relocated him into one of the growing city's new castles. But when he puts down the paperwork and steps into the stone hallways outside, he realizes he does not know anyone in the Corintar by name anymore. He can still remember, vividly, Arosha's wicked grin as she bested him in a duel, Foolfoot's smile as he dealt a round of cards, Creekwhistle's fiery anger. But the faces that scurry through dusty corridors and bring him forms to sign, all those souls in the nearby, newly built houses? They all love and respect him, but not a single one knows him. He is pretty sure he is the only one that remembers the heft of Corin's blade, the dented steel of her shield; all the icons that crop up carved into wood or sketched on parchment do not quite capture it. And the ribbon around his tusk has frayed to mere strands. It is time to go. Put down the sword, let someone else hold the shield. A quill and a piece of parchment, and memories of love and loyalty and something more will do for him now.
