The Akal paced through the ruins of Panu Karqašlu, taking in the magnificence of the decayed, overgrown building that had withstood so much. Though vegetation sprung from the floor of buildings and weaved their way through the windows, they could not dislodge the centuries old brick and mortar. Eventually, they arrived at the old palace, where once great leaders called their home, and where a group of Kumarkandi patriots had first sworn to overthrow Varamhar. The ruler stood in the very place where history had been made so many times, yet felt not awe but bitter regret. The ruler could see so much greatness, yet didn’t have a legacy of their own. The Akal racked their brain, trying to come up with something that could last thousands of years. Then, the Akal spotted a faint sparkle beneath the cracked stone – and found an old magical chest housing a pristine Karqašlu flag. The Akal knew immediately – if they could not build a legacy, then they would reclaim it. The next week tens of thousands trudged through the tight streets of Panu Karqašlu, towards the old monolith where the Akal was due to hold a speech. Even despite the numbers, the old avenue could accommodate the crowd. Eventually, the Akal spoke. ‘Varamhar is no more. We can now determine our own fate. But Kumarkand will not be truly free until we reclaim what was taken from us, and not only by Varamhar… For too long have we been stripped of our heritage. Our pride. Our birthright. We shall ignore it no longer. Look around you – do you see ruins to be pillaged? An ancient capital? Or do you see what I see, a legacy. Many have built empires, but few have built legacies which could stand the test of time like Panu Karqašlu has. Our ancestors built these buildings to last for thousands of years. So that we may use them… Yet we don’t. So what should we do? Ignore all the effort our ancestors made to build a future for us? Or do right by them and reclaiming the heritage they left for us? After the Akal finished, the crowd erupted in cheers, shouting out a mess of different chants – ‘reclaim Karqašlu,’ ‘long live Karqašlu,’ ‘avenge Karqašlu,’ ‘rebuild Karqašlu.’ Eventually, though, the crowds found a single voice, a single chant; ‘We are Karqašlu.’
