The ancient land along the Sorrow, created by Elikhet for his people, has seen more than its fair share of ambitious gnollish invaders. From bloodthirsty Rakhor to the first Xhazobine and the Twin Xhaz, to name just some of the most notorious raiders, many have tainted the waters of the Sorrow with blood over the centuries, taking innumerable Kheteratans from their homes as krah tributes or sacrificial victims. Yet they all came as opportunistic raiders, demented marauders or savage fanatics, craving the bounty of the river for their own depraved purposes, but never attempting to leave a lasting legacy behind. Such times are over. No longer shall gnollkind be banished to the desert wastelands, destined forever to crave the verdant paradise along the river, yet never truly achieving their heart’s desire, never truly sating their hunger with the cornucopia that is Kheterata. For now, at long last, Grizaka’s audacious vision has come true. The once haughty inhabitants of Kheterata bow to gnollish masters, their fecund lands feed our armies, their tributes fill our vaults. The boastful Ahati, ever so sure in their assumption of victory over our kind, have learned to kneel when their true masters speak, by word or by whip. And even the Khet, aloof and fickle creatures that they are, have acknowledged our rightful claim of dominion over all the lands along the Mother’s Sorrow and beyond. In the fertile soil of this ancient land, we have planted the seed of a new, a true gnollish empire; destined to stand the test of time. O, what a glorious sight it is to see the monarch firmly seated on their throne, surrounded by innumerable courtiers, priests and dignitaries, all desperately vying for an iota of their fleeting favour. Who is left to challenge their rule? Who would dare to deny the righteous might of the ruler? All that remains to be seen is if the reformers gathered under the banner of Grizaka and her daring yet enticing visions will prevail, and usher in a new era of an enduring harmonious coexistence between gnollish rulers and human servants. Or if the hidebound old guard, those clinging to the old ways of fury, sacrifice and pillage will triumph and subject the inhabitants of fallen Kheterata to an eternity of their depraved desires.
