Even back in the ancestral caverns of the Serpentspine, goblins have been enslaved and tormented by orks for as long as anyone can remember. When the Greentide started, the orks forced them into clans to fulfill certain roles. While other clans such as clan Earworm received easier tasks, they were granted no such mercy. Sent to the frontlines with nothing but their clothes to shield them, they marched into arrow volleys and absorbed charges so that their orkish masters could save themselves. They were fed nothing but bugs. They feared this fate would only end when the last of them perished. And then Korgus died. With the orks rushing back from Castonath in retreat, they managed to hole themselves up in Taranton. Their chief, Zurgab, set up their defenses and prepared them for the first battle fighting for their own survival against a group of rogue adventurers known as the Oathbreakers. The Oathbreakers were a small band of opportunists with only one goal. looting as much as they could from the ruin of Escann and heading back home to enjoy their new wealth. The Battle of Survival almost resulted in a catastrophe. Adventurers tore through their goblin fighters like they were nothing. Zurgab fought ferociously, but in the end he was outnumbered and decapitated by a particularly bulky human. Gramzik, only eleven winters old, witnessed the fall of his father with his own eyes and saw only red. He picked up the impromptu spear he had crafted from a tree branch before the battle. When the slayer of his father turned to him, Gramzik jammed the branch into the visor, managing to push the makeshift spear deep into his skull. The murderer could not even muster a gurgle before dying. At the end of the fight, five humans had found their ultimate fate by Gramzik’s hands. The Oathbreakers may have been defeated for the moment, but it was clear that the Grasshopper Munchers were left to die in this territory, surrounded by hostile adventurers and with the rival Rotcleaver clan unwilling to come to their aid. Yet Gramzik’s daring gave everyone a modicum of hope. Despite the odds, a little goblin like him could win a fight against a superior foe. Perhaps, even the clan of expendable Grasshopper Munchers could then defeat the adventurers around them. And maybe one distant day, it would be goblins telling the humans and orks what to do. As their warriors and clan elders swore loyalty to young Gramzik, his eyes were focused on Taranton. It was here where they would make their stand against all enemies and it was here where goblins would finally build their true home.
