Word of the return of the Nzeri was well received in Heunthume. Moreover, word of their success in the heart of Sarhal was cause for pride for many citizens of Harpylen. After all, these daughters of Firanya had overcome the fury of the Salahad itself, to make for them a home far from their many enemies. So an invitation was expected, offered, and readily accepted. Many were keen to see the people of the south, and some even expected the Nzeri to make their journey across the Salahad once more. In this, they were disappointed. The Nzeri took a more practical route along the Mother’s Sorrow, and seemed by and large to favor modest and slow travel. To the citizens of Heunthume, this only increased their mystique, and when the guests from the south finally arrived, the city was about ready to start the celebration without them. But the Nzeri proved worth waiting for, as they arrived in flight, clad head to talon in gilded plate, the midday sun reflecting in gold and gems, to dazzle and shine across Heunthume. Three full circuits did the Nzeri make of the capital, each of them throwing puffs of colorful dust into the sky, synchronized so finely as to create brief mirages of imagery before being taken by the wind. As they landed, they were received in jubilation, and the celebration that lasted was suitably rambunctious. The citizens of Heunthume did most of the feasting, however, and the Nzeri conducted themselves with restraint and dignity. At the celebration’s end, many did wonder why the Nzeri had chosen so, and many did find an answer to this, for not all Nzeri returned home to Nirakhet, but remained behind in Heunthume. They named themselves Paladins of Nirakhet, and took great pains to spread her word in the capital; a place they felt was in sore need of the comfort of the Mother of All. Though never a popular movement, their devotion would see some harpies take to Nirakhetist belief, and they were given support in the established flock of Elaienna, who found their edicts sympathetic to the teachings of the Jadd.
