Once there stood a city, graciously upon a river of mountainwater, overlooking fields of green with a dome of gold. Once. This is a small excerpt of an old Ynnic scroll which a couple of students from the UotD studied for their classes on "The History of Ynnic Calamities". They tried to find out where this once great city stood and by using other dusty scrolls and comparing descriptions of the earth they were able to triangulate a location of the fabled protoSarda city, or at least what was left of it. And with their expedition greenlit, they set out to find the fabled protoSarda city. And after a long ride they arrived at the sleepy town of Paihubi. Baffled, one of the students said. "Really? This is where the city is supposed to be? This place cannot even be called a junkyard, so how can this be what is left?" The student leading the expedition snarked. "You will fit in perfectly then. No come on, it's an abandoned city. If there was still a bustling metropolis, it would not have just disappeared from the memories or records." After the camp was set up, and equipment unloaded from the wagons, then work could begin in earnest. But where to begin? They couldn’t just start digging randomly. So to make the work easier, they took samples from the soil and compared it to the few agriculture records they had from the protoSarda. And by employing this technique, did they eventually find a strange rock, one too square to have been natural in origin. "Wait, this ain't no rock, this is carved. We have to dig it out, quick, get your spades." And after digging for almost four days, did they uncover something remarkable. An old belltower, with carvings resembling those of the protoSarda. The group was ecstatic. They had done what nobody could have dreamed of, they had found the lost city of Domfanynn. Later, all of the students of the excavation group would become teachers at the UotD, with the group leader, Otó Ryefield even having the archeology department building named after him. This discovery, and the technique of soil sampling would become a standard part of Aelantieri archeology, as compared to records, the soil would never lie.
