Even in undeath, Zaamalot's visage was frightful. The jagged bone, the twisting, piercing horns, and the taut rictus grin. Altogether, a sight inspiring not just awe, but also overwhelming fear. The acolytes simply shattered at the sight, while even some seasoned necromancers were reduced to jibbering children as screams filled the air. Varina was stronger, better, but even then, she found that she had backed away slightly without realizing it. But somehow, she sensed that the dread dragon was amused, pleased at that reception. Varina cycled enough power through her to incinerate a city, and thus, tried to impose her authority. An open hand held high turned to a fist. "OBEY ME." And to her astonishment, the dragon complied. Simply. Easily. The corpse turned its frame around, crashing against the walls of the great chamber as it did, dreadwings flexing, claws tearing. Anything unlucky enough to get in the way disintegrated under his draconic power. At last, Zaamalot rose boldly before the one who had reanimated him. He stared at Varina for a moment, and then he bowed down, low. There was a sick, sinking feeling in Varina's soul; a realization that maybe, just maybe, Zaamalot didn't mind he was a necromantic thrall. That even as his dread master shredded the fiber of his being, he saw through the pain another opportunity to make people suffer, to inflict fear, to maim, ruin, and slaughter. Once, that realization, the idea that she would unleash such a monster, would have made Varina sick. Now? The days she could afford to be righteous were long gone. And so, she commanded once more. "ZAAMALOT; RISE." Ashan had not slept well since he had helped give the black dragon's location to the necromancers. It had seemed such a good idea at the time, and yet, now he spent every night waiting, dreading. When Castonath itself began to tremble, when the rumble turned to a roar, the Patrician knew at once what had happened. Ashan reached his roof just in time to see the jet of flame against the night, cutting through the explosion of dust and smoke and debris. Just in time to see the skeletal form of Zaamalot the Black burst from the depths of Halann. Just in time to hear, above the din of his ascent, the terror and the death and the devastation. Castonath burned. A hundred thousand screams melted together. Ashan could only muster a whisper. "What have we done?"
