Arriving at the Blackhoof flatlands, we looked around. We could not see them, not on the ridges of the overlooking plateau or in the distance, and this we later learned, was intentional. The "Runs Faster than Horses" tribe has in the last couple of years been the tribe with whom we interacted the most, even though that was at best sparse as well. They helped us set up some homesteads and in exchange we paid them a tribute of sorts. And while we had no expectations of the sort, these interactions slowly turned into a small trade network and gave rise to a growing trust between our people as a result. And now a new chapter in our relationship was to be started. And thus, our chief diplomat, Tristén Crosston, raised his voice in basic Epednar, declaring into the distance. "Salutations oh great chief, we have arrived and seek an audience with you. We ask you to speak in peace and in friendship as we have done for many years." It stayed silent for a while, until all of a sudden, a thundering roar of hooves was heard. A large host of Epednar came crashing down the plateau, shouting yells which to the untrained ear sound like war cries but to those familiar with the Epednar stand for greetings of power and trust. Surrounded by his warriors, the great chief of the "Runs Faster than Horses" tribe came forward. He planted his hatchet deep into the soil to signify his peaceful intentions. Our chief diplomat followed suit and negotiations were started. While the concept of official treaties remains almost entirely alien to the Epednar, a treaty was still signed in both oral and written form. The first act regarded the full and eternal equality of human and ruinborn and the inalienable rights which both possessed like the right to property, equality before the law and the freedom of religion and tradition. The second act stated that all ruinborn were allowed a strong degree of autonomy and that the tribes and Plumsteader government would start work on the creation of a system of autonomy and parallel governance for the tribes within Plumsteader land. The third and final act regarded trade and bartering regulations and laws to prevent disputes between Epednar and Plumsteader merchants and ease the flow of trade. After the treaty was signed, and celebrations were held, Crosston asked the chiefs why they supported the creation of this treaty when they were traditionally wary of strangers, to which one chief replied. "When you came to the land we helped you because you needed help, and when our tribesmen crossed into your territory looking for food and shelter while traveling, you gave it to them. And this may seem common decency to you, but to those living on the steppes, it is a virtue which not many outsiders seem to possess. From the beginning we saw that you were different from the other outsiders and so we dared to act differently as well. And as of now, we do not hold second thoughts on our cooperation and hope that it will endure into the future." Crosston smiled and thanked the chiefs for their trust. He raised his cup and exclaimed to them.
