The genies were indeed cruel and terrible beings, treating mortals as mere playthings in their wicked schemes. It is for these crimes that the divine Elikhet waged an extermination war on their kin, banishing hundreds and hundreds back to their natal elemental planes, and earning the title of Elikhet the Avenger. Those that escaped His wrath would later share the fate of their banished kin regardless, expiring in the Great Dissipation caused by the Day of Ashen Skies, which returned every genie in Halann back to their native plane, aligning with the rebirth of our blessed god. The Genies left plenty behind, however, from colossal ruins full of incredibly powerful relics to the Planetouched abilities that bless many across Sarhal. These powers must be closely safeguarded, to avoid the evils the genies brought and Elikhet ended to repeat themselves. This is why it proved so imperative to crush the pack of Tzilekal and end the reign of the self-proclaimed Seekers of Secrets. Ozyl, the founder of their pack and line, first came to rule these lands through murder, sabotage, and betrayal, the lowly crafts in which he wasted the great Wind Planetouched powers with which he had been blessed. Once he seized power, he and his followers started accumulating powerful relics out of mere vanity, simply to display. The egotistical fools began emulating the genie's fashion and customs, even taking the title of Zuultan after the genie kings of old. With the death of this foolish dynasty, Fangaula is free from ignominy, and soon all of the region will be safe under our merciful rule. It seems the Windhowlers of this region had syncretized with the Fangaulan Pantheon of the local humans, adopting their false goddess Goxma, and even the ridiculous belief that gnoll’s origins are in any way connected to genies. That foolishness shall be corrected soon, as they embrace the light and truth that Khetism brings. The question is. should we end the history of this pack once and for all, absorbing its misguided members directly into our empire, or should our emperor take the crown of Tzilekal, and grant the seekers of secrets a degree of autonomy?
