Negligence. How else could one describe it? It was criminal, the Kylakas knew, as he studied the map before him, contemplated the reports. It was criminal, and it would be punished. He turned to his subordinate general, spoke over the faint din of discontent from outside. “And none of our garrisons have fallen?” The general nodded. “We hold their Oúraskheions, their wardgenerators. Barracks, defensive strongpoints on the walls. The rest?” He crossed his arms, smirked slightly. “Some upheaval, I think.” The Kylakas chuckled at that, despite it all. Upheaval, of course, was code for total, catastrophic disaster. This would be called the Great Karkares Revolt, no doubt. It had not yet escalated to open war, but in Degakheion the Karkares were in uproar, and in the other Kheions mob and magnate stood side by side against the rule of the Phylaxana. Clearly, the administration had become overstretched. The Phylaxana had grown too lax. And now, all they had built threatened to collapse before them. The Kylakas shook his head, took in the map again. No, it wasn’t so bad as that. There were probably a hundred thousand angry Kheionai fighting to take his head, sure, but the Phylaxana remained firm. Unbowed, they would rally, put the Karkares back in their place. And then enforce the ancient law, as it was intended, as was their duty. Crush the Karkares, execute any in the subject cities who stood against Degakheion’s lawful rule. And repeat this same thing next century, or in the next fifty years, or next decade. If they meant to stand watch forever, could they really continue as they are? The law codes had been changed before, through blood, and pain, and sacrifice. But they had been changed. The Kylakas looked to his general again, a proud and skilled warrior of noble blood. As was he, as were most of his soldiers. Lineage was a bond, a bond. Aristocracy meant stability. They had made that law. Perhaps, the Kylakas wondered, it would be best if it was unmade? And perhaps this was the perfect crucible of blood, pain, and sacrifice to do it?
