The monarch let out a restrained cackle under their breath as they looked upon the new map that had been placed on their bedchamber wall. The imperial apartments in their palace were richly decorated with the riches of Halann – ivory from Dreksaret, porcelain from the Kharunyana, Dakinshi gold and Effelai wood – but it was this map that was the star of their abode. They grazed a hand over it as they grinned, eyes narrowing as they studied the names and boundaries inked onto the fine parchment. The map documented every far flung colony and corsair harbour under their iron grip – every outpost of the greatest maritime empire in history. The ruler contemplated the power hidden behind the borders of the map, in the sea lanes that bound their realm together. Dread fleets of hundreds of ships, descending on the helpless coastal realms of the world. All along the Grand Line, thousands of tons of cargo, living or not, travelled from Cannor to Haless and vice versa, stolen or produced by the millions of slaves under their control. The jewel of their possessions, however, was much closer to home. The monarch turned away from the map, moving towards the balcony outside their apartments. They placed a hand on the railing as they overlooked their city – Anbenncóst transformed. They could see the burning pyres of sacrifice, the fighting pits, armouries and barracks, and the endless storehouses and slave pens that proved a fine display of Viakkoc’s economic might. Cannor’s heart consumed by the Seascourge’s ambition. Viakkoc once ruled the sands of the western Salahad and the savannas of the Kubaci, nearly putting the Empire of Kheterata to the sword – but Grizaka and Gnollakaz shattered that realm. The old realm. As they crossed the Salahad, abandoning their lands in Fangaula, the Seascourge Gnolls abandoned one dream and replaced it with another – and now look at them. Look at the fruits of pride. Perhaps the monarch had been indulging in Cannorian arts too much lately, but they simply could not help themselves – the reversal, the theatre of it all. To claw and bite and slaughter back from the brink, to dominion. The ruler let out a rumbling roar of a laugh, a hearty but sinister cackle that only a gnollish packlord could produce. The Great Corsair Empire, ruling over an empire over which the sun never set.
