There were few sources of light in the great GateHall of TuwadDhûmankon, but the bright lights emanating from deeper inside the hold reflected on the steel of armour, blades, and muskets, sometimes brightened up by a flash of gunpowder. As the fighting pushed back and forth over the scarred granite floor, the different armies could be identified less by sight than by sound. the shouts and sharp, snapping orders of the Command troops, the shrieking battlecries of the goblin slaves, and the guttural battle songs of the dwarves of HulazKrakazol. The monarch and the heir sing right along, as they grimly cut themselves a path forwards through the mass of metal and flesh ahead of them. "Our hold and home be far or nearby, For honour and glory we fight and we die. With a cut and a slash, their bodies we rend, our enemies we smash, 'til we meet our end." They knew where they had to go. the hobgoblin officers had entrenched themselves on the Great Terrace, overseeing the hall, flagging commands to their troops below. Finally, they had cut themselves a way towards the broad spiral staircase embedded in the wall. The monarch halted his song, and barked a few quick orders. "Ordgrim, Dolbar, have your warriors guard the entrance. The rest of you, with me." The staircase was already littered with corpses. The monarch made sure not to step on them as they rushed up the steps. Two figures came down the steps, and one flash of an axe later they joined their kin on the ground. Finally, they rushed through the gate of the Great Terrace, cutting into the ranks of the goblin and hobgoblin nobles and officers gathered there. The monarch sensed a flash of steel behind them, turning around to see the heir jump in front of a blow meant for them. As the body of the child collapsed, the monarch swung their axe at the killer. A crowned goblin head fell to the ground. The monarch stared at the corpse of the heir for but a moment, then collected themselves and scoured the battle around them. A helmet with an ornate red plume was visible behind a row of hobgoblins. The head of the snake. The monarch launched themselves at the warriors, cleaving their way towards their quarry. Five axeblows later they had reached him, and three more axeblows later they had killed him. The monarch tried to shout triumphantly, but found they did not have the breath to do it. A hobgoblin spear was lodged in their chest. The monarch slumped to the ground, their hands gripping the shaft of the spear in their chest, pulling it out in one jerk. A flash of pain, then they felt nothing. The sounds of metal on metal filled the great balcony, but the monarch could still make out the battle songs from the GateHall below. With their last breath, the monarch rasped along to the words.
