Thormir carefully finished the markings on the final runestone, and placed it down on the edge of the ritual circle. He looked at his monarch, who was lying on his back in the grass, eyes closed and muttering to himself. Thormir scraped his throat. "It's ready, my lord." The monarch clumsily got up, clearly still drunk. "Thank you, Thormy… I'm sure you… you did an excellent job of it." A smile cracked the monarch's face. "Now, let's set him free." The monarch stepped into the ritual circle, spread his arms, and began the incantations. Unlike his speech just before, there was no mumbling or slurred words. Every single line was crisp, and delivered with a roaring power. Thormir, experienced with rune magic though he was, was not familiar with this ritual, and did not know how the monarch had learned it; he had only prepared the circle according to his lord's instructions. He did, however, recognize fragments of the incantation, and they filled him with unease. Meanwhile, the monarch continued, his incantations growing louder. Slowly, a pained grimace appeared on his face. Thormir panicked as the incantations turned to screams. "My lord. I'm getting you out." He attempted to grab the monarch, but the ritual circle repelled him, and Thormir felt a powerful force throw him up into the air before landing several paces away. Stunned, he looked on in horror as his monarch was lifted up, his arms outstretched as if pulled on by invisible ropes, the air crackling with magical energy. Then the energy released, wiping away the circle and sending the runestones flying. The monarch fell to the ground, and Thormir rushed to his side. "It is done…" The monarch mumbled, raising his head from the grass. "By my ancestors…" He did not finish his sentence, and his head dropped back down on the grass, lifeless. "Dagrin's beard, what is that?" One of the dwarves exclaimed, pointing at the sky. Thormir looked up. A falling star tracked through the sky, but slowly, burning with a tail of purple flame. Thormir thought for a moment. "The tail is getting shorter…" he paused. "It is turning. It is coming this way. GET DOWN." The dwarves of the expedition threw themselves to the ground, and moments later a violent impact shook the ground. Thormir stood up and looked around. Just north of them, a plume of colourful smoke rose from an impact crater. Thormir gestured for the others to follow him, and walked to the edge. A large meteorite, astonishingly still mostly in one piece, sat in the centre of the crater. The strange patterns on the rock suggested it was not a mineral Thormir was familiar with, and a yellowish liquid poured from a crack of the outer layer. A familiar scent filled the air. Thormir slid down the edge, walked to the meteorite, and collected some of the liquid in his hand. Carefully, he brought it to his lips and tasted.
