In the years after the glorious victory against the malign servant of the Dark holding the Effelai in thrall, a strange malaise of the spirit took hold in Rezankand. Where previously all were united behind the sacred mission to purify the Effelai, now, with this mission fulfilled, an increasing number of Rezankandi and even Exemplars were questioning what Surael had planned for them now. Even the monarch oftentimes spent their nights awake, wondering what lay in store for their people, what path the future held. After months of increasingly desperate prayers for inspiration and guidance, the monarch was left with only one option. to enter the House of Dreams. There, the diviner priestesses of the Gabarišin order, who practice the knowing of light, the Erešsar, to reveal what may otherwise be hidden, may guide the sleeping mind of a worthy ruler towards a prophetic dream, sent by Surael Himself. However, those who are unworthy risk being trapped in their minds instead of catching glimpses of the future, chased by phantasms sent by Irhungal, the mighty Erbuturgal and foremost servant of the Malevolent Dark. The monarch was received by high priestess Varila, who once was known to their younger halfbrother Varilor before she took her oath, and guided towards the center of the House of Dreams, where a divan on a raised platform awaited them. Surrounded by the soft light of fragrant candles and the silent Gabarišin, the monarch slowly drifted off into a deep sleep. A seamless white wall rising from the mists; a swift rise into the sky, a change of perspective; the wall turns into a gargantuan yet slender tower rising towards the heavens, pulsating with an inner light; rising even further, far far above the land covered in darkness, a perspective usually reserved for Surael; in the heart of the continent, a gleaming light, pulsing like a heartbeat; slowly, other points of light start to flicker into existence, first one, then another, then an ever increasing number washing across the land in a wave of light; the land is now covered by brilliant spots of light linked by wispy luminous threads, weaving a net of radiance across all of Zenzarkand; with each pulse of the luminous web the land becomes ever brighter; between the web’s mesh, an uncountable number of beings, each a tiny spark itself, pulsing with the same light and growing ever brighter, cleansed of all traces of Darkness.
