The next expedition to the shadow plane was much smaller. It had become clear the legion had not found any Pit of Grilax, and it seemed our attempt to purify the Shadowroot Matriarch was already having an effect on the swamp, with life slowly returning to the plants there. The number of members of the legion had also been dropping. Castan was still there, and still refusing to speak to anyone, but Dostar was nowhere to be found. Nobody would tell the expedition what happened, although they did shoot glances over at a river of smoke that flowed near the camp. By its banks lay discarded armour emblazoned with a silver dragon. Those left were less conversational, but were eager to listen to our expedition, almost no matter the subject. One younger soldier was going through the many talismans he was wearing and explaining what each one was for. “This one protects against fire. It has a small core of Dames tear at its centre, isn’t that interesting? This one is from my hometown in Samsumbat. It doesn’t have any magical properties, but it reminds me of home. This is a symbol of Nirakhet. With this at my side, it lets me know she will protect me, care for me if I am injured in battle, and care for my soul if I do die. Oh, this was made by my wife. You can see the feather inside, that’s one of her own. She’s a harpy you see, and…well…” The soldier stuttered to a stop as he realised what he was saying. He looked at the legionnaire he was speaking to, whose facial expression hadn’t moved. Then, he pointed at one of the talismans. “Tell me more about this one. You said she’ll tend to my soul when I pass on? Do I just need to hold it?” The young soldier stared in shock, before taking the talisman off and handing it to the legionnaire. “You can have it if you want. You don’t need to hold it though. Mother Nirakhet weeps for all her children. It’s just that holding it reminds me of that, and it can give me strength when I’m afraid and…”, his voice faded away as the legionnaire examined the talisman. “For everyone?” he asked. “Even monsters?” “Yes. I mean, we don’t call harpies or gnolls monsters like you do, but yes she weeps for them too.” The legionnaire smiled grimly and said nothing.
