News flies fast these days, with messages and gossip amplified in their spread by magic and artificery. As such, the ouster of the upstart Edhardrachon Castan by their very own advisors and troops spreads like so many wildfires through the night, carried through to even the most remote reaches of Escann on magical winds, and then, beyond. And as a thunderstorm follows in the wake of a wildfire, so too do rumours of a peace summit follow the news. Rumours of total capitulation, of a peace summit offered in Castonath, and of the end of the Edhardrachon Uprising.  It is a somber scene in Castonath as the sun sets on the end of the peace summit. Castonath still stands, as it has for millennia, yes, but all around are reminders of yet another war, yet another conflict, yet another mark on its weary surface, only just recovered from the Escanni Wars of Consolidation. A new set of scorch marks to join those made by the Dragonwake, a new collapsed building to join those stripped by the Greentide and destroyed by magefire during the Wars of Consolidation.  But at the least, here was a chance for a reprieve from destruction, a chance to move forward again. Representatives from both factions are present, the energy a mix of disappointment and fear from the Edhardrachon side, while the Castanorian contingent emanated tired victory and satisfaction. The terms were unconditional. Castanor was to take full control of Edhardrachon territories, with the society disbanded. The few loyal patricians were to be rewarded, while the traitorous ones were stripped of their titles and belongings.  Castanor stands united once again, but for how long? The patricians represented the last remaining vestiges of true 'Castanorian' culture and its legacy, the Edhardrachon Uprising the last gasp of an ancient dragon, once powerful but waylaid by age. The advent of a new generation was at hand, but only time will tell if it can reclaim or surpass the legacy of Castanor. Regardless, Castanor stands united, and the world trembles in anticipation.
