Immarel knelt beside the fire in her office at the Frostspear, her hands so close to the flames that the skin cracked under the heat. It reminded her of an earlier time, before she had set her own nation alight, and brought every measure of destruction to the lands she called home; When she had sat by this very fire and contemplated a terrible nightmare. calamity made manifest. Ruin written across the north in letters dripping red, staining the very snow red with blood. She saw, and she did not understand. She chose wrong. Or, at least, that was the thought that kept her up at night; That followed her in her most private moments; That chilled her to her core.  But there was something that kept the faith in herself and her choice alive. She had won the struggle she brought on her nation, and now she was in an unprecedented position to mould it to her will, to throw every resource into ensuring this would never happen again. But those words still rang hollow; sitting in this room, by this fire, she remembered making the same vow, with a different antagonist. Something had to change. Immarel had to think differently. Safety, security; vital, yes, but had she really been treating them so? Or had those words just been a cover for the wrath and burning desire for vengeance that had consumed her since she saw her home taken from her by the Tuathak, since she had seen family and friend alike slaughtered like vermin for reasons alien to her to this day. The wrath that had reduced half the nation to ash.  Immarel took her hands away from the fire. It didn't matter really; she had lost most feeling in them long ago. She remembered, soon after her ascension, resolving not to bother taking a new body until her old one had crumbled to dust or been destroyed. She didn't need to feel; she could exist apart from and above her own people. But that wasn't good enough; that attitude, that loss of feeling, had led her into committing the most terrible crimes. Immarel shook her head, and grabbed a quill and paper from her desk, writing an order calling for a young woman of her height and size to be brought to the HeartChamber. She would not rule as a cold skeleton, but as a flesh and blood elf, who ate and slept and adored the warmth of a fire just as her subjects did. She would still have to oppress her subjects, of course, crush dissent, break rebellions, stifle freedoms and liberties; but no longer would she do so as some cold tyrant, for her own wrath and rage and personal power, but for the prosperity of her people; So they may live in blissful harmony under Gemradcurt's banner and Immarel's protection. She would rule not as a military commander would over the Snecboth, not as a bringer of calamity, not as a mother of death.
