‘Slave.’ Kylian sil Rosande shouts, spotting Surga amidst a strange, redgreen sea of crimson knights and rebel orks.  Her blood boils, and she lets loose her devastating magic; tossing, burning, shocking, and crushing crimson knights with ease, she clears her way towards Rosande’s king. Slave; a title by which she refused to let anyone call her ever again; a title which demeaned everything she and her comrades had fought for; a word she had promised no Escanni ork would ever again hear.  Kylian sil Rosande doesn’t move an inch. He remains sitting on his orkish slaves, conjuring magical attacks while his eleven homunculus guards hold Surga at bay. Surga conjures hundreds of lightning strikes in minutes, a spectacular feat of magic, hoping to overwhelm Kylian’s defences, but the homunculi absorb them all. As she fights,she dodges constant magical attacks from Kylian sil Rosande.  Never does Kylian sil Rosande conjure a defensive spell, remaining on the offensive as the homunculi begin to crumble, dismantled one by one until only four remain. With most of Kylian’s guard gone, Surga finally manages to land a hit; her bolt melts a streak of crimson paint from his armor, armor never before blemished. Just as Kylian begins to falter, just as Surga thinks victory is possible, an ork approaches from behind. He stabs Surga through the torso; his eyes are awash with agony as he pins Surga down long enough for the Homunculi to impale each one of her limbs.  Kylian sil Rosande walks up to Surga, now on her knees. He looks at the ork slave, now collapsed on the grass. ‘Good job Shurkul, you will get extra food for the next month.’ He reaches for his hilt, caressing the ruby pommel, but upon seeing the anger on Surga’s face lets go of it.  ‘I will not foul my blade with the blood of a bea No. Even beasts don’t deserve to be compared to orks… I will not foul my blade with the blood of an ork.’  ‘My name is Surga.’ Another homunculus drives a spear through Surga’s torso, but despite the pain she lifts her head, almost clambering to her feet. ‘You may kill me, but you will never kill what I represent. You will never kill our desire for freedom, you will never kill our hope.’  ‘Slave…’ Kylian sil Rosande eyes lock with Surga’s; his words are binding. She is no longer the master of her own body. He grabs a rusty goblin blade from one of his homunculi and throws it to the ensorcelled Surga. ‘Kill yourself.’
