The Herald marched into the throne room, thousands of Exemplars at his back – all Ruinborn, all Taychendi, all Vaikazelhi. The cavernous chamber was clad in the transient glory of the past – and at its heart, the Mudaliar hydra, fireeyed. The ruler slumped in the throne, Kriadvai arms crossed, Kilaiek sword brandishing. The Exemplars halted as the Kilaiek stepped forwards, sneer of disgust on his face, and spoke. “Behold– the Klereyen are here. Ameion’s treacherous converts – but where is Laskaris? The good RelicLord is not one to shy from slaughter.” The Herald raised Zalagnur, defiant. “the Dark taints your tongue, Mudaliar. We were not coerced as the Kheionists were. We saw willingly– that only the light of Surael can save Taychend from Darkness.” Kriadvai sniggered at that. “Ah, a foreign god, brought by interloper tongues, saving us from a foreigner’s danger. But when a Taychendi says it–? As native as Periyodhai.” Kilaiek growled. “At least the Ambhen spoke plainly when they called us savages–. At least the Klereyen could admit they despised their history and traditions.” The Herald slammed Zalagnur against the ground. “You may be blind, but we see it plain. Who cares if it is a foreign path, if it is the right one?.” The Mlerek laughed weakly, dejectedly. “The right path, of course… one where we can be Taychendi, but only the sort interlopers want us to be. It’s funny, isn’t it?” The Mlerek took off his crown, and flung it at the Herald’s feet. “But the cycle has turned. There is nothing–” Kilaiek cut him off, outraged. “You’re giving up? Turning your back on–” “Slavery?” the Herald interjected, as he picked up the crown. “Constant infighting, strife and chaos? And for what? Nothing.” Mlerek laughed again, turned to Kriadvai – “the stand against Sarath Erradal, the desperate struggle to stop Kadradar– the just missions of Liandarha, of King Varanash– did you know?” He laughed again. “Nothing. An interloper’s word, and they are nothing.” The Herald rattled the crown in his hand, face flared with righteous fury. “Doubt us, jibe at our every word– but we know that we are on the side of light. We will save you, end this cycle of bloodshed– and while we are stronger than you, more determined than you–? There is nothing you can do to stop us.”
