Despite the catastrophe that happened around the leader's death, the situation miraculously has gotten better, and somehow I survived through it all. Clouded Eye orks aren’t targeted on sight anymore; some of the orks are now even willing to listen to what we have to say. But the need for a new Warchief is still clear. Four candidates have come up on top of the rabble. The first is a drinking companion of the deceased leader who claims to have bested him in single combat while he was alive, meaning he is therefore the strongest. His claims are entirely baseless, though, on account of the fact witnesses report both were blackout drunk during said combat and no blood was shed. The second is a powerful warglord who has earned the respect of the others due to their military skill earning us many victories, having thrown themselves in harm's way to save the leader’s life midbattle. For this, they were allowed to carve an entire lesser clan of their own under the Dogeaters, now using their influence and fame for legitimacy. The third is an ork who convinced others to back up their claim entirely due to promises of glory and riches. Whether it be one of the candidates, they’ve been and fought there, allegedly. Though there is actually no concrete proof of their achievements, their alluring words alone managed to auspiciously captivate the most cynical orks into admiration. The last, and very much the least, is a faraway vagabond who has no record of warfare, who claims to have travelled farther than any ork has in search of wisdom, learnt how to read most human languages during his free time, and promises to teach others the same things he learnt on his journey. I am surprised at how an ork of such high intellect can come from this clan. Impressively enough, all four of them have enough support amongst the clan and respect each other enough to not cause any excessive bloodshed should they fail to become Warchief. The honor will fall upon the winner of a free for all, which will unfortunately not be to the death due to the need for leadership at this dire moment.
