As the veil of physical reality falls away, the mind enters the Dance of Dreams, tugged ever forward into communion with the Aspects of the World. A sky unfolds above you, incomprehensibly wide. Though you feel solid ground below you, the sky never seems to end in a horizon. Strange clouds travel overhead, as a gentle breeze pushes them on their way as they travel from the distance ahead into the emptiness behind you. As you move forward, the winds intensify, and you feel you are approaching their source. Spreading out your hands gives a strange sensation, as if you are unraveling great secrets just by letting the wind run between your fingers. Pushing further into the headwind, you make out an unusual shape in the distance. It is too small to make out properly, but you sense it is in utter control of this place. You attempt to move closer, but the wind gets stronger the closer you get. Soon, you are moving hunched over, almost clawing your way forward, unable to even so much as lift up your head to look ahead. Suddenly, with one last gust, the wind ceases and the sky calms and the images flood your mind. Images of things none have ever seen, ancient things, from before the passage of time. Raw knowledge. You do not know what much of it means, but it is beautiful. Images of the first ascension, the End of All Things, flood your mind. Such a detestable creature, Primordial Wings was the first of the Great Aspects and surely the greatest, for how could anything compare to their majesty? There is so much, and the flow does not slow. Mortals were not made to hold this knowledge, but you cannot stop. The pressure on your mind builds and builds, your self buffeted about even though the air remains still. You cannot help but try to look closer at the entity before you, and you are certain even a glimpse would reveal truths unknown to any mortal, but all you can ever make out are dancing, dancing wings, whatever they adorn is beyond even the dance of dreams. The dance begins to fade, and as you awaken you can still see the wings dancing and moving in your mind. In comparison, the world itself feels a little less real, less solid, for how can it compare to the progenitor of All.
