Three nights in a row, Farwen had come down to the training grounds to work on her glaivework under the moonlight. Three nights in a row, she had found herself training alongside Artorian, a Moon Elven practitioner of Diranbe from the Redglades who had traveled to the Deepwoods while escorting Duskweaver's expedition back home. While on previous nights they had merely trained alongside one another, making at most a passing remark about the other's form or recommendations for adjustments to their fighting style, they hadn't really interacted much. However, tonight proved to be different. "Care for a spar?" He asked, stepping away from the pell, which he had been practicing against. Farwen had been caught somewhat offguard, though she nonetheless followed through her strike, adequately maintaining good form. She rested the pommel of the glaive against the ground, turning to face him. "A spar? What, the two of us? I suppose we could." Her head canted, studying him for a moment. "Wonderful. I shan’t go too hard on you." His words rang out with a taunting jingle, a teasing tone. "You won't go too hard on me? I assure you, you couldn't even beat me if I were wearing a blindfold." With a smile gracing her lips, she offered him a similar teasing tone. "If those words weren't a jest, I'd have to take offense." He snickered in turn, seemingly enjoying the exchange. They made their way to the training ground's sparring area, where each of them took up their positions. A brief salute was shared between them, before they enveloped each other in a dance of blades, parrying, sidestepping, and striking. Their motions were swift, each of them quite skilled, more than capable with their respective weapons, equally matched opponents. The spar dragged on, both of them nigh out of breath; one of them was sure to beat the other, though it would be solely based on whoever succumbed to exhaustion first, should they continue. However, the Bladedancer lowered his blade and stepped back. "Call it a draw? I fear this spar would continue until one of us can no longer stand." He muttered, catching his breath as best as he could. "I'd prefer to claim my victory, but it seems we're both exhausted anyways; nothing more to be learned from our duel. A draw, very well." Her agreement was signified by a nod. "Perfect. In that case, would you perhaps care for a dance? An actual dance, not one of blades." He lowered his sword into his scabbard.
