It was Truefrost in Bivuzena. For three years, the season had been marked by a dry, gritty wind that tasted of the desert and carried an uncommon chill, even for the season. Tazeiko Imbiswa walked down the once-familiar streets of the Nyanza Market. The air was thick with a fine, ochre dust that coated the empty stalls and dimmed the light of dawn. She looked out to the wharfs, once bustling with stalls and hawkers, the jetties lacking the usual throng of incoming ships. They were now empty, save for refugee tents and sleeping figures huddling on the ground. The port was still, the docks clear. The saltwater horizon was a blur, the islands of Vyzemby not just distant, but swallowed by the pale, dusty haze. She passed one of the Efergezmu worker crews. Human and halfling men were shouting at each other over a broken wall, the prototype honeycomb assembly clearly unstable. As she neared her shop, she passed the old smuggling tunnel she had played in as a child. It was boarded up. Three young lizardfolk children sat before it with bowls. A passing patrol looked at them, and one spat before the other two dragged him away. Even from this distance, she could see tears in the eyes of the waifs. She arrived at her shop, unlocked the door, and, as she had for years, began working the heavy millet dough. With movements practiced by decades of work, tutored by parents who were tutored by theirs, her dark hands shaping the small, flat, clovespiced loaves that used to sell out by noon, and carried it to the hearthoven, the claymouth radiating warmth. But the people who frequented her shop were fewer each day. Ever since Kuiika had taken the farmland, refugees had flooded the city with no way to make a living. As dusk fell, she thought back. Five years ago, they were all so hopeful. Before the traitorous defeat of the lazy Chibuswa. Before Aramoole reigned in Gomuvuri. Before Kuiika took field after field, stopping only at the gates of Bivuzena itself. They were only saved by Iqhekabi’s wisdom and Zuvavim’s jealousy. The markets were full of ghosts from those days, and the Medawor had done nothing. She locked up her shop and slogged back to her abode, her pack on her shoulder. As she passed the old smuggling hole, she kneeled beside the lizardfolk, who cowered. She held out a wizened hand. In it were several pieces of spiced bread that had not been sold.
