It could be seen from miles away, a massive monolith rising alone in a sea of grass. Once we got closer we could make out the shape of a plateau, 30 feet high, walls as steep as a building, topped by massive towers. Our guide told us the story of the mad mage who had raised the platform and constructed the first towers. We went up a narrow stair carved from the walls of the plateau and reached the top, which was flat as a marble floor, and dotted with buildings more normal than the towers we had seen previously. The towers themselves were often lined with hanging gardens, which we were told had fed the city during a siege, and connected by a dizzying network of bridges through which one could apparently walk from one end of the city to the other without ever touching the ground.  Our guide led us through an underground market built inside of the plateau, like a cruder version of our own work in the Dwarovar, and then up through the many towers and bridges themselves. After a tour through various important vertical gardens, temples, exhibitions and government offices high above the ground, we finally reached the tallest of the towers, atop which the city's astronomers had their observatory. From this peak, we could see the entire city of Yikashlay, the vast grasslands surrounding it, and other settlements far in the distance.  As impressive as the view downwards was, our own astronomers found the view upwards less than impressive. As high as it was, this observatory could not nearly match the altitude of our own mountain peak, and as grand as their observatory was, it could not hold a candle to the sophistication of our Setzunkhupa. Still, Yikashlay's long astronomical traditions had given them a wealth of material with which we could speed up our own understanding of the heavens. A deal was struck where our astronomers would gain access to these documents in exchange for letting a delegation of astronomers set up permanent residence in DurVazhatun where they could study the stars together with us. Just as we've been shown the wonders of Yikashlay, it was time for us to show off the wonders of DurVazhatun.
