Before our lord is a grand dais, atop which sits a slender chair of antlers with gold inlaid, flanked by huge elves in greenscaled armour and ferocious horned helmets. Seated is the form of a young elf, elegantly but also clearly comfortably garbed in a loose flowing robe and adorned with many exquisite gems and precious metals, which hang in chains from his neck and shoulders and coil shimmering around the locks of his flowing green hair. His bright golden eyes are fixated on a plain scroll which he reads in a bored manner, tapping the arms of his seat with manicured ringed fingers. "Our lords tell me your words are poison, our good lord of the east. And this certainly does seem a worrisome base for rulerhip when looking at it judging how it affects my loyal subjects." His voice is brassty and fierce and to the ears of our lord it feels like every jewel on the speaker's body rings in tune with his tone. "Tell me, little ironmonger, do you believe that you will gain true lordship of the region by forcing my hand to write my name on some sheet of paper? Do you believe I would yield the law and oversight of my people from the hands of my loyal lords to unbelievers?" Our lord blinks. "Are not all citizens of the region your people? Do only the wishes of lords and priests matter to your ears?" they ask, calmly and calculatedly but with genuine interest. "The Lords and Priests represent my subjects, I cannot make time to listen to the words of every elf, nor do all of them have the time or means of travel to speak their desires to me." "Weary are the people of the region and no doubt your Highness with the squabbles and incompetence of those hoisted to their positions by blood alone, not so are things in another region. The city shall be mirror to another region's parliament, brother not subject, and serve to represent the will of your loyal subjects truly and rightly instead of through the words of scheming lords aiming to serve their own riches with your favour." The dragon gives the scroll away to a beautiful servant with a smile and a thank you, and he remains smiling when turning back to our lord, though their eyes lack any of their previous warmth. "So you say, yet I am not blind to knowing that this serves you as a compromise, that as brother councils you will use the might of the region as a shield against those riverworshippers who deem all parliaments a sin. Yet neither am I blind to the fact that your army holds a knife to the heart of my subjects. Your grace towards them, most importantly in not demanding they forswear me, is a surprising wisdom on your part. I shall accept this Council as legitimate, yet there remains a concern in my mind as to where the lines of compromise will be hammered to earth. How much does the Parliament of another region intend for my Council to retain the values of absolute rule and dynastic prominence?"
