Cailan Sábal, the acting Lord Mayor of Anbenncóst, watched as his predecessor was consumed alive by the title of Viakkoc. How could it have gone so wrong? It was midday, but smoke from the fire and demonflame that now consumed the city smothered the sun, darkness pierced only by an ominous hue of orange and green. The great Remnant Fleet ships in the Silverdocks burned. The wretches of the Bilge had all been thrown onto sacrificial pyres or into slave pens, the Temple District rededicated to infernal masters. And now the once proud imperial palace was being defiled by the city’s new masters. When the ruler was finished with their meal, they wiped the blood from their maw and stepped deeper into the throne room. Their gnollish entourage – dread pirates, farsailing captains and ferocious warriors, the elite of Viakkoc – followed them. They took Cailan along with them, and despite his newfound dedication to “care no longer”, he found his stomach dropping when his new gnollish overlord, standing before the Dove Throne itself, directed the acting Lord Mayor to stand before them. Another round of cackled laughter erupted as one of the ruler’s bodyguards threw a crown at his feet. The crown. Anbennar’s crown. Cailan simply sighed, looking up into his gnollish overlord’s eyes. “Isn’t the grand magister supposed to do this?” The ruler smiled wide, baring bloody teeth. “Slaves…” they said in common, in a sinisterly commanding tone that compelled their underlings to silence. “Our backbone… fit to crown us. Our might gives strength.” The ruler raised a fist, as they looked at the Anbennarian banners that still hung from the ceiling. “But krah? Krah gives power.” The room echoed that “power”, then fell silent again. Cailan shrugged – a good enough justification, he supposed. He picked up the crown at his feet, and, as the ruler kneeled on one knee, placed it atop their head. The gnolls in the room began to howl with cackling laughter, beating their chests as the new ruler of Anbenncóst rose. Cailan stepped back as the ruler settled into the Dove Throne, a satisfied grin on their face. For some reason, he found himself laughing too.
