Hear ye, hear ye. A town herald shouted in the streets of Castonath. He blew his horn, hoping to at least gather some audience in the bustling southern bakery district. Fortunately for him, a crowd started forming, composed of clanless orks, halforks, humans, and dwarves. The herald opened his scroll and announced, “By the order of the Royal Majesty, the monarch, a new legal jurisdiction is to be put forth. These are to be known as Royal Cities. A Royal City answers to no clan, but directly to the monarch and has special privileges. Anyone who lives in a Royal City for two years and has a respectable job is to have their clan allegiance removed and answer only to the mayor and the monarch. Citizens of the Royal Cities will only pay taxes to the monarch and the city, not to their clans of birth.” Meanwhile, in the city of Ardent Keep, another herald gave her message. “By the order of the monarch, Ardent Keep is to be a Royal City. Rejoice, for your city is one of a select few granted these rights.” In Castonath, Ardent Keep, Southgate, Escerton, and Sapphirewatch, people cheered and immediately got in line to apply for citizenship. Commerce centered in the Royal Cities as traders had to only pay one tariff instead of two. In the royal palace, however, the scene was much different. Several chiefs were seated in the council room and were shouting over each other. The monarch took a deep breath before taking a seat. Chiefess Khaara Severed Ear was the first to stand up and shout, “You bastard. You stole our clansmen from us. You built us these nice cities, only to turn around and undercut us later. My father would be ashamed of you if he was still alive.” Chieftess Uroph Dogeater stood up next and shouted, “You’re weakening our people. Us Dogeaters lived for generations roaming and fighting, being proud Ozdan and joining the army. But then you came along with your brilliant idea and have been filling our children’s minds with this Dargom nonsense.” The other chiefs took their turns shouting and complaining. The monarch sighed and sat down in the ruler’s seat, graciously accepting the grog from a human maidservant.
