Around a table, four women sit with cups of tea, the leaves brought from Moonhaven, with a book in front of each of them. In the next room, their partners chat about the long work day yesterday, about how they are glad to be here. It is a special day, after all. Today is the day the King renews his vows with his royal consort, and the entire realm is in celebration. Oloris looks to his friends, and pours a glass of Lodhum Red, grown in the very caves nearby the hold. He raises a toast, having to keep his glass low so the gnome and the halfling at the table can clink their glasses. To the health of the King, and his beloved, they cry, as they all take a drink. The carousing and merriment carries on into the night, until eventually it is time to go home. The couples eventually come together and begin to say their goodbyes. The Gnomish artificer and his wife say goodbye in their familiar, if foreign, Giberdi accent. Next comes the Imperial Halfling and his fiance, a Redfoot, as he had learned. They came to say their vows, but stayed; much like himself, when he met his beloved. The last to leave is his human friend and their dwarven wife. Many had commented he had pulled a Gerin, always in jest of course. The two were happy together, and in love. Who was he to judge? Eventually, it was simply himself, and his wife. She still, of course, looked as beautiful as the day they had met, half a decade ago now. Her eyes shone the same colour as the garnet gemstone that hung around her neck, the love stone he had given her. If his father had learned he had married a harpy, he would have likely died in an apopleptic fit. But that is why he came here, to find a spouse that he would truly love, not some arranged political farce made by two families. They will be lighting the celebration lanterns now, she said, as she curled herself into his embrace, and pulled him onto the sofa. The whole hold will be glowing pink soon. Maybe we ought to take an evening walk, she kicked off her shoes, and nestled in on top of him, making no effort to act on her proposal. Let's just stay in, said Oloris, knowing perfectly well what she actually wanted. His wife smiled, and closed her eyes. Good answer, she said. Good answer.
