Immarel entered the underground chamber uneasily. Even now, she could hear the noise of construction above her head, as the workers erected the largest building Immarel had seen in her entire life, even in its unfinished state. Under her direction, they had built a monumental construction, with an even greater expanse of works underneath. It was incredible, but as she walked within the tunnels and chambers of the Frostspear's subterranean levels, she wasn't entirely sure that the whole thing wouldn't come tumbling down on her head. She would have to get over her fear, however, for in this place lay the key to her destiny. In the heart of the chamber, which itself was large enough that the centerpiece seemed dwarfed by its surroundings, with a high ceiling and lots of space around the object, there was a large, glowing white crystal, mounted on some Precursor device, and punctured with many assorted tubes and cables, connected to the roof as if they were holding the crystal up. Before it stood the Everfrost Prince, looking deep into the crystal's confines. "The Heart of Winter. And with the instruments of life gathered around you, this shall become the epicenter of your power." As Immarel approached him, the archfey did not move, though she felt obligated to give him space. "When the long night comes, you shall bind your soul to the Heart, and eternal power will be yours." The words "eternal power" still affected Immarel in the same way they did when she first heard them. What the Everfrost Prince offered was eternal life; her soul would be bound to the Heart of Winter, her phylactery, from which she would be able to control her own living body, or potentially that of somebody else, though that process was time-consuming, costly, and would effectively kill whomever it was done to. The Everfrost Prince had explained that this method, while being costlier and more dangerous, with the Heart having to remain within the Frostspear, would leave her stronger and with more vitality than traditional eastern methods of the same process, though Immarel did not know of what eastern land he spoke of. With her own wintry magic, she could freeze her mortal body and extend its vitality threefold, only needing to transfer to a new one once the old body was irreversibly aged or damaged. This was a power fit to guide the Winter Court to a brighter new future; and with only a little more blood and sweat, it would be Immarel's to wield.
