Rejoice and triumph, for this is a day of celebration. Put down your tools, stop your mills, come out of your homes. Sing and dance. The monarch, our generous ruler, proclaims this to be an unprecedented festival, to consecrate our new government. Rejoice and triumph, for we are moving forwards to a better future thanks to our praiseworthy Cartels. Zamit "Burnt Eye" hurried past the crier down a busy street. The Builders branch of the Treecutters Cartel did a good job here, as the clean and colourful homes bore no trace of the terrible fire that nearly destroyed the capital. As a top executive in the new Artificers branch he personally created as an offshoot of the Alchemists Cartel, Burnt Eye’s work for the day was just beginning. The celebration would come later. Tonight, the whole city will witness his work and the worth of his cartel will finally be acknowledged once and for all. He rushed through the door of his laboratory, and, moments later, exited the building, carrying a long, narrow box. One of the inventions he was most proud of. He strided much more carefully towards the palace and entered the training grounds. He delicately unboxed his masterpiece and, for the hundredth time, checked for any defect. Any incident would be a disaster for him and his career. One hour left before the big reveal. "Your Majesty, thank you for taking time for this lowly tinkerer. I hereby present to you the future of our military. Behold. It is called the BrambleBurner. While it looks like a regular rifle, it actually can breathe fire. It will strike fear in the hearts of our enemies, and burn them as surely as any foliage blocking the path of our armies." As Burnt Eye proceeded to demonstrate the handling of the dreadful weapon on wooden dummies under the scrutinising gaze of the country’s various generals and officers, the night slowly fell. For once, the city lights were put out, to much of the partying population bewilderment. Soon, high in the sky under the unblinking stars, a rose bloomed, shining bright in hues of crimson and purple. The detonation reached the crowds, struck speechless in admiration. The next flower hatched, a golden lily inlaid with silver. Then a tangled bramble with white flowers and dark blue berries. One after the other, the pyrotechnic marvels flared through the night sky, ending with an aweinspiring bouquet of multicoloured flowers sculpted in fire and glitter. As the city lights were kindled again, the crowds erupted in cheers and laughter. The first Fireflower Festival had truly begun.
