Time had passed, and that little cypress in the Havak Buyovec District had grown into a towering tree, its slender branches rising skyward like spires, supporting suspended buildings, walkways and offices carved within the trunk. Sir Ardohy looked up at the tree. It was still the cypress sapling from Ddelnarin grove, yet something had changed… a faint glow on its leaves, a kind sway on its branches. Ardohy's gaze wandered onward from the treetop, to a suspended walkway of blue and violet craft that connected it to an isolated corner of the district. Havalun. That was the name of the quarter that recent immigrants from Krarh Nor set up. Like the rest of Havak Buyovec, Havalun's inhabitants practiced smithing above all crafts, yet the similarities ended there. From the exterior, the quarter figured like a little castle, with cloudwhite walls and deep blue roof tiles hiding the inner buildings from sight; even the walkway that connected into said walls was blocked at the battlements by a smaller gatepost and an enchanted door. One could look at Havalun's trees springing above the walls, and notice they were similar yet different from the ones seen in the Ynn, like otherworldly kin, with canopies imbued in a glaring magical aura that at times glowed in blue, at times in gold. Ardohy wondered if he should file a complaint to the city's authorities as the glow of Havalun's trees was seemingly spreading to their domain. An Ynnic noble with rattling armour passed through the district atop his clopping steed covered in barding, crossing the little moat before stopping at Havalun's gates. The gates were raised for him, and he marched in, no doubt looking to have his armour enchanted by the new competition. Compared to Veykodan runesmithing, Havalun's enchantments were less powerful, but at the same time they required less maintenance. They swiftly earned a good fame among Ynnic elites thanks to its smiths' own skill at selfadvertising. 'Labours of love and years of craft' they called them, and indeed seeing entire units of retainers and castle wardens don those enchanted armours could reassure their commanders like few other things. Yet, Ardohy couldn't help but feel bothered. Those smiths had been here for barely a generation, and already they could earn a corner of the realm with the ruler's approval?
