Callasa tried to rise when she awoke, but her comrade, whom she recognised as her friend Warmal, quickly put a hand out to stop her; a wise decision, as all at once the rebel noticed the pain she was in. Her entire body ached, and much of her right arm was badly burned. Callassa shook her head. The operation had been a disaster; the last thing she could remember was a firebolt knocking her unconscious. She looked around the unfamiliar room. "Where are we, Warmal? This isn't the usual safehouse."  Warmal shook his head. "Too hot, had to pick a new one; as far as I know, though, that's the only one that's compromised." Warmal reached over to a bedside table, grabbing a glass of water for her; Callasa eagerly accepted, gulping the water down. "Eiganrac are out looking for insurgents. I think we have one good, lucky run to one of our other, proper safehouses, and not a lot of time before they hit here too. Got any ideas?"  Callasa gave the glass back and laid back on the bed, thinking. "Well. the one on Alder Street is too far. Iwan’s house is far too big, we can't risk that. Maybe the Chilled Drake? They have weapons and Taigan armour too, we could maybe bring a disguise up and make a run for it, go to some other city."  After hearing her suggestion, Warmal stood up abruptly, clapping his hands. "Brilliant. I think we'll go to all three." Callasa raised an eyebrow. Then Warmal changed. And the walls came down. And Warmal was no longer Warmal but another Snecboth entirely; and there were Eiganrac soldiers around her and they were taking her and Immarel Winterswrath was there. The witchqueen shook the man's hand as Callasa's mind nearly broke from confusion; was that a dream? An illusion? "But she; he; how did; what?" Callasa could barely form any words as the Eiganrac soldiers grabbed her.  As she was dragged away, she could hear Immarel speaking to the man. "Excellent work, Commander Ferwylt; I feel like I was right in entrusting you with these sorts of operations." At that, Ferwylt bowed in appreciation, with all the flourish of a professional entertainer.
