Setting out from Durklum, Ecaris began the slow and tortuous ascent into the Serpentspine mountains, with only one goal in mind. Mount Kinbur, the sacred mountain of the east, seat of the sacred phoenix Sarnagir. During the weeks of tireless marching along treacherous goat paths and climbing steep rock faces, he recalled his many deeds and experiences. the years of training under the Exemplars, the northern mission to save the far flung lands of Escann from utter destruction at the hands of the orkish horde, encountering Corin and her unshakeable conviction in the righteousness of her cause, who stood in the path of destruction even when all hope seemed lost, the rise through the ranks of Exemplars, the helplessness in the face of a slow collapse of the fragile order created in the aftermath of the Cinder Wars, the sudden burst of hope due to the discovery of Zenzarkand, and the transformative encounter with Sarnagir, the grim determination to journey there and banish all possible threats arising from this new world. And once arrived in Zenzarkand, the incongruous mixture of the familiar and the alien, the creeping awareness of the Darkness hidden within these lands, the long and arduous struggles, the triumphant victory against all odds, and the eventual glorious return to Bulwar. Finally, he spotted his destination, Sarnagir’s palace glittering atop the mountain peak like a titanic diamond glowing in the light of dawn. Ecaris entered the gleaming djinn palace filled with awe and trepidation. Wandering through its many halls, he encountered other beings like himself, pious warriors of Surael, transformed into beings of living flame in service of the Light. Upon entering the inner sanctum, Sarnagir’s throne room, he perceived Sarnagir in her true form, no longer restricted by mortal eyes. Where she once appeared to him as a firebird with the wings of an eagle, claws of a lion, and human visage, he now saw a massive everchanging vortex of fire and light, constantly oscillating in joyful abandon between different shapes and forms. Faced with such a glorious sight, he prostrated himself before the immortal Herald of the Sun. He had fulfilled his oath to the best of his abilities. Ecaris was at peace, calmly awaiting the judgement of Sarnagir, and through her, Surael Himself. No one outside the sanctum will ever know what words, if any, were exchanged in these moments, but at the end, the incorporeal fire housing Ecaris’ spirit flared in blinding incandescence, only to vanish without a trace, leaving the hollow armor clattering to the ground. Far from Mount Kinbur, those who happened to look in the right direction at the right moment swore on their life that they saw a shining ray of light coming from the direction of the sacred mountain ascending the heavens toward the sun.
