It's really fun to wander around while looking for regional delicacies. The number of things you can do with rice. I have to limit most of my searching to the cities, sadly. Many of the villages in the countryside don't have a lot they can do with money, so paying people to cook me food is not something I can do everywhere. What even less people will do is teach me, even though learning about how to cook their food is something I love doing. I was able to find someone to teach me how to make some regional food in a specific city, at no small cost to myself. Much of the trip was dedicated to learning about how they cook food in the city. Did you know that food in that city is very savory? The term the instructor taught me was "xianwei"; most of the dishes I learned about were very meaty, but a little sweet too. There's lots of seafood used as well as duck. I think my favorite dish of them all was the lion's head meatballs. To make them, I mixed minced pork and chicken together, in addition to scallions and ginger soaked in water beforehand. Later, I had to mix some of that water into the meatballs to help their texture. By mixing in the water just right, their texture becomes a little bit jiggly, though they stay in a ball very easily. After the meatballs have been prepared, they are browned by boiling them in oil. When they're nice and even, I then transferred them to a broth to simmer alongside mushroom and cabbage; this keeps them tender. Once they're entirely cooked, they are then paired with vegetables to complete the dish, in addition to steamed rice. If there was some way to record the smell into this diary, I would do it in a heartbeat. The man teaching me was very patient as I learned about cooking this kind of food. When I asked him about it, the man said that he had cooked for a couple of major officials in the city during his life, and that he found doing it to be a delight. I asked him why he was fine with teaching me. In response, he gave me a wry smile. None of his recipes were secret; it's just that he makes them very well. Besides, with how much I was willing to pay, teaching me how to cook this kind of food was an easy deal. I really hope I can find an arrangement like this elsewhere, too.
