The dead roosts of the Godshield proved a valuable, if macabre, trove of information on the fate of the Stonewing harpies. It was logical then that the Ivetasananthor would return to this dour place when they were tasked with picking up the trail of other western migrations. It had become clear that the harpies of the west had shattered under Beastbane's fury, but where some had fled south, others had flown west, tracing the mountain peaks to avoid the wrath of their earthbound enemies. So the hunters traced the Godshield west and south, until the mountains dove beneath the earth in the Corvurian Marches, vanishing entirely by the old fort of Arca Aldresia. Thanks to the far reach of Harpylen, theirs was a safe flight, and they could pass unchallenged into the verdant Ashfields, before reconvening with the Godshield Mountains as they rose again as the Havoral Divide. There the hunters spied roosts once more, and their tale was the same dismal dirge as the one sung by the Godshield. Harpies had lived here, yes, but they had been hunted here, and for those who had lingered, death by human hands had found them here. The sorrows of the Godshield roosts awoke in the hunter's hearts, and for many, it was a difficult hunt to follow, as one empty roost after another traced a gloomy path north across the Havoral Mountains. It was in the elven fortress of Ar einnas that the hunters found a clue, for the elderly steward there had made a study of the roosts of the Havoral and was glad to aid the daughters of the sky, offering their notes and observations on the matter. According to them, Ar einnas had been the last living roost in the Havoral, abandoned when Beastbane bayed at its gates. The survivors had undertaken a great flight north, beyond the reach of Castanor. The hunters were relieved that some of their kin had survived, and word of their findings returned to Heunthume. The Queen's Throne fumed at the depth of Beastbane's depravity, and it was decreed henceforth that a national day of mourning be devoted to the memory of those unjustly slaughtered by Castanorian hand.
