Immarel Winterswrath has at last ascended to an eternal power. lichdom. Immortal, she can essentially rule Gemradcurt for all eternity. However, due to her rather unique path to achieving lichdom, doing so off of the back of a very powerful Archfey patron, and using his esoteric designs for a phylactery and purging ritual, the nature of her ascension has been rather different to that of Morgurax, the first lich. Her phylactery, deep within the Frostspear, is completely immobile, unable to be moved from its position without a great deal of effort; furthermore, it is essentially physically and magically connected to the spellmaelstrom that swirls high above the city, so that the Heart of Winter and the Eternal Winter that Gemradcurt has been cast into are intimately connected. While this means that Immarel's soul is potentially more susceptible to being discovered and destroyed, and the process of ascending to lichdom is infinitely more expensive than the traditional method, it has other, potentially greater benefits. The greatest of these is that Immarel's soul can be transferred from one physical body to another, replacing the mind of the person whose body she inhabits, rendering the transferral subject braindead in the process, but most notably not killing the subject's physical body, as in the normal process. This allows her to keep a physical connection to the world around her; something that the Everfrost Prince seems to be rather keen on, likely so that Immarel too can feel the cold embrace of winter. Transferral is difficult and time-consuming, and cannot be done on a whim, but nonetheless it can be done without too much fuss, allowing Immarel to change bodies once her old one gets too old or damaged to use. Physical differences in appearance can be covered up with illusion magic, much like liches often do in the east. However, should Immarel's host body be killed physically, Immarel will be forcibly booted back to the HeartChamber beneath the Frostspear, and must first recover for a time before retransferring to a new host body. While this method, and slightly unique form of lichdom, is too bespoke and limited to be utilized anywhere else, it is nonetheless vital to the success of the Immarellian regime. Pray that Immarel uses the gift bestowed to her wisely.
