In the ruined city of Durzobor, the ruler Grom and his army had Borgu Severed Ear and his lackeys in chains. Humans and halforks from the traitor’s territory came out of hiding to look upon Grom, who had a very visible look of disgust on his face as he read through all that Borgu did. Borgu was blindfolded and had his hands cuffed behind his back. Grom faced the traitors. “We are gathered here today at the conclusion of Borgu’s rebellion. The charges against you are treason, slaughter of civilians, and unauthorized executions. The standard punishment for any of those crimes is death. What do you have to say for yourself?” Borgu chuckled. “Oh Grom, you naive fool. Do you really think Unguldavor would survive under your weak reign? Look at yourself. You are a lanky young ork who thinks that everyone can just coexist. I do not live in such a fantasy. Korgus knew it was unreasonable to expect to rule over Escann when we make up a minority. He drove them out of this land so we could have a home. And look where we were until his death. We ruled Escann, dominating every inch of it. But it was when his iron fist ended that we almost lost everything. Just because Unguldavor lived did not mean it was not next. This country has been rotting away since Arosha died. I had to lead us back into greatness.” The ruler Grom scowled. “No, Borgu, that was not what happened. Korgus corrupted our kind and made us into monsters. Should he have led a normal invasion instead of his massacre, we would not be enslaved on human plantations or lying in mass graves. Violence and cruelty only begets more violence and cruelty.” He darkly chuckled. “But I have to hand it to you for one analysis. Unguldavor has been rotting away since Arosha died. However, it was because of how decentralized it is. So I must thank you, for you resolved the clan problem by starting this civil war.” The ruler Grom faced the musketeers and said, “You may fire when ready.” Gunshots rang across the city. And has always been, one more wouldbe tyrant met his fate.
