The Raktaya's audience begins just as the heavens open. The bendbark gutters fill in seconds, channeling water at astonishing speed into the wide stone grooves of the courtyard's sunken floor. These gutters bring rainfall from every roof of the royal complex, and cede priority only to the cisterns. In a minute or so the water is at knee height, and the old men of the court are settling by long tradition at the lipped edges of the cloister, reclining, yawning, soaking their scales. The whole place suddenly has the feeling of a bathing pool. Whatever conversation issues from the pavilion of the throne, now an island at the heart of a pond, is inaudible; the beating of the rain sees to that. Aguntat's father would have yielded to the occasion on a day like this, plunged into the water alongside his people and thus won their love. Aguntat does not. He calls upon nobles one by one for their requests, and they clamber damp onto the pavilion, like children summoned from play. The Raktaya's timid voice forces each lord to move forward, firmly into the claw's reach of the giant. Nukhzat is almost always here. When he is not, one of his lieutenants takes his place. No official business gets done out of earshot of at least one of these Ashhana beasts. The Raktaya spends much of the day in seclusion with them, meditating or instructing them in bendbark sculpture. He has not broken with the Naga explicitly, but he has not promoted a single one to high office since his coronation. Instead he speaks, incessantly, of the potential of the Ashhana; of what was robbed from them. He has already made some converts. He invites a lord individually to his private compound, and none decline, since the word of this gentle Raktaya is now backed by an army which, not so long ago, threatened to overrun the city entirely. Aguntat does not orate, does not expound, does not command. He talks, softly, of the slow decay of the Anzalkatsa way of life, the hollow veneration of lost glory, the purposelessness. He asks each lord to picture a city whose government is sculpted by its finest, not simply inherited. And some of the time, they see it.
