A birth, and a death. That is what the monarch is thinking of as he floats lazily through the skies. Both took place aboard an airship, both took place at roughly the same time, and both, he thinks, illuminate just what the League of Feiten has become. The birth happened aboard a small merchant airship that plied local trade along the Cloud Corridor. It was unplanned but uneventful; the pregnant mother, who had flown ships in Bulwar and Aelantier long before her marriage, "would be damned if a quick jaunt in friendly skies was too force a wind to ride." It was probably not the first child born aloft, given the lengthy journeys to Cannor, but the child was still presented to the ruler when the ship landed in Feiten, a glint of sunshine amidst the grey morass that is paperwork. The death the monarch did not hear of directly, no, it was a piece of gossip overheard as two messengers departed his chambers. Old Man Lee, they called him, a man who had hunted whales in a time long past, and even as the ship he worked on was refurbished and retrofitted into a merchant vessel, no one would refuse him when he went aboard for each departure with harpoon in hand, ready for the hunt that never came. In the interim, he would tell stories to the crew (often decades his younger), lose a little coin in minor gambling (though by journey's end it was always returned as his wages), and nap in a sternside hammock. It was doing the last one that he passed; the crew were amazed at how he slept through a small guststorm, until they tried and failed to wake him. It is not the first death in the air; the Shuimu Engineering Cadre keeps detailed records of every soul lost to mechanical defect or mishap, and war is brutally unsparing no matter how far above a battlefield one floats. Is this his people, now? Who are born in the skies, who ply the winds all their life, until there they die? Not quite. Now he has drifted a few dozen leagues south of Feiten proper, and floats above the towns and villages that yet dot the Jellyfish Coast. In the steampowered workshops below, countless weave cloth or forge metal or carve wood, devoting a lifetime's labour to filling the Shuimu workshops but never partaking of the engineers' craft. Their lives are shaped by it all the same, though, not just their work. The bottle of Lencori wine they sip from at night, the latest tract from the Rectorate they study after shifts, the steampowered mechanisms that ease a life in countless ways. Does this make his people a people of the skies? No. Ownership is the other way around. From the youngest child to the oldest citizen. the sky belongs to them. Every inch, every breeze, every horizon yet to come. And where does that leave him, of course, if not the Master of the Skies?
