Kug Khreshtoq’av was furious. As a member of Royal Clan Gravelhide, he was entrusted with the distinguished task of conducting magical research into any relics believed to have “cultural significance to ogrekind.” A labor of such significance surely warranted a team of diviners to peer into the histories of any artifacts that passed through their post; instead, Kug had received a team of goblin “artificers” that proved to be more trouble than they were worth. Rather than bringing together the lost history of his people, Kug was spending most of his time frantically holding his subordinates back from breaking valuable rarities with their harebrained experiments. Today, Kug’s task was to sort through a stack of test logs of a device that could supposedly determine the base materials used in the composition of a complex object. Page upon page of tests confirmed that yes, antique rugs were indeed made of wool, and that glass relics were definitively made of sand. Apparently the device was a breakthrough in the use of divination in technology and could even determine what a material was before it was transmuted; Kug couldn’t bring himself to see how that was in any way relevant to their appointed task until his eyes caught on a certain peculiarity. “bronze ogre statue; base material. meat.” Report from archivist Kug Khreshtoq’av, to the ruler of Maghargma – Dearest Uncle, I have made a most amazing discovery regarding the numerous ogre statues we have unearthed in our exploration of Bulwar. Through a combination of magical analysis and crosschecking with historical records, I have determined that the bronze statues were once the warriors of an ancient Bulwari king, transformed and animated by the power of a Wish. This is a great day for our people. Not only have we discovered the fate of a great many of our ancient kin, but the divinity contained within their flesh has been returned to us. Along with this letter, I have sent the first shipment of recovered statues to the capital; please put them to best use.
