The Corinite slammed his fist on the table in anger as he admonished the other board member. "You must be mad. The fact that you would willingly deal with this tyrant; it makes me sick. If the Dookanson was still alive would you do business with him? Surely we aren't so obsessed with profit that we can lose sight of basic morality." "Is this LadyMother going to invade Cannor and murder my family?" The aggrieved board member, an Adeannic Crownsman, crossed his arms as he spat back at the Corinite. "And besides, this trading company was built on slavery; if you took morality as such an issue you would have joined someone else. Doing business with those snowelves, or fey, or ruinborn, or whatever they are, is just the same as doing business with however many other tyrannical regimes there are in the world. What's the problem?" "The problem." Now a Sea Elf turned Anbennarian trader, who had been sailing the seas for centuries, spoke up. "It is that you want us to start running a steady trade route to a blasted wintry hellscape. They have goods yes, but they also seem to have secret police, and a mysteriously immortal leader, and they like to talk about the glory of winter and its cold embrace. They are insane. And to me there is nothing more to it. Insanity does not make a good business partner." The Crownsman rose from his chair, about to spit some biting reply at the Sea Elf, but alongside the Corinite, who seemed ready to pull a dagger, he was stood down by a stare from the company president, an aged Damerian, and an even better captain than the Elf. "Has anyone here even tried sailing to Daleigchos?" The Crownsman and the Sea Elf turned their gaze, embarrassed. The Corinite just sat back in his chair and crossed his arms. "Well I've sailed three times to Fardoc. That's twice the distance, and I'm damn sure it's twice the hardship. Now I made it to Gemradcurt once, the city, and let me tell you, that Adraillooking tower tells me a whole lot about what we're dealing with. They are rich. And as far as I'm concerned they could be run by Canrec the Defiler and I'd still be doing business with them; and it's not like they'll turn their new fancy trader friends into skeletons, is it? So it's business as usual, you all understand?" He turned to the Sea Elf, who had a sour look on her face. "And if you're so scared, Liandel, I'll run the first trip myself."
