The monarch paced around her room, her head pounding. Just minutes before, with a smile on her face, a messenger had notified her of what she had already suspected. The monarch suspected that many among her flock felt the same way. Jaddar was dead; the Jaddari were shattered; and their remaining forces retreated eastward; the protection of Elaiénna was all that was saving them from complete destruction. The hated enemy of Siádan, those elven Desert Legions that had once destroyed old Siadanlén, had themselves been dealt a mortal blow. And all that was true; but what they did not yet realize was that Siádan had traded one shadow for another. With Zokka's victory over the Jadd, his mastery of the Far Salahad was now more secure than ever. If Siádan did not march south immediately, and reclaim the remaining lands of the Jaddari, then the dream of Siadanlén may be dead entirely, as Zokka would undoubtedly crush their ambitions and render Siádan another vassal state or border province of his new gnollish empire. When Astárta had signed the blood pact, she had done so believing that Siádan and the gnolls would share in their rewards equally; but evidently that has not been the case. And now what? And now what? That question was the one causing her head to hurt. The monarch broke away from her pacing to stumble over to a chair, slumping down in it and putting a hand to her head, deep in thought. How could Siadanlén be reclaimed, the glory of her people preserved? There was no doubt that inaction had been their last mistake. Inaction and complacency; both when Jaher crushed the old realm, and now. And if inaction and complacency had been their weakness, then a smile formed on the monarch's face as she realized the truth. For too long Siádan had been vultures preying on a strip of the Golden Highway, instead of looking further afield to the riches of Azka Sur or Rahen. For too long Siádan had contented itself with small-scale raids, and petty conquests and border disputes. For too long Siádan has mourned its past glory, too weak to rise up and take it back. That ended today; it was time for Siádan to change, and it was time for Siádan to go on the march.
