Zakiti could barely move. The akhte on her head was surprisingly heavy, its tassels and bells ringing with every step. She had seen the delicacy with which her minder and maid for the week had settled the heavy patterned stole over her shoulders, and she was trying to keep her posture rigid to avoid displacing it. An immense silver necklace of six chains, studded with every gem to be found in Gelkalis, hung almost to her waist; she had never before worn jewellery heavy enough to really feel.  Heunthume had been freezing thus far, battered daily by winds even fiercer than in her home village, but between the akhte and the four or five layers she was wearing, she found herself sweating profusely long before they even approached the parade route. She had never seen so many harpies in one place. For her, harpies came in ones or twos at most: to inform the town council of new ordinances, or to requisition the tower for a night.  As the first and most treasured of the harpy subject nations, her delegation led the column, and she felt the automatic smile spring to her lips, the same smile that had won her this chance in the first place. She was Gelkalis personified, a real life shepherd girl bedecked in finery she was likely never to see again. Still, it was something to be loudly cheered, to see little harpy girls gaze up at her in admiration. There were moments on the route when she felt like what she was claiming to be; the embodiment of Gelkalis itself, the woman of the hills.  "First Client of Harpylen, the Human Realm of Gelkalis." They had reached a large open plaza, right at the base of the immense steps which led to the higher levels of Heunthume. Zakiti blinked. Harpies did not need stairs, of course. The steps were for everyone else, to exhaust themselves on the way up.  Her smile remained still, perhaps a little mysterious. Her people did not beam like salt merchants, desperate and ingratiating; they kept the secrets they were told. A harpy attendant took her hand and brought her before the Queen.  It took effort not to gape. The tip of every one of the Queen𠏋 feathers had been painted. A riot of reds, oranges, yellows and golds quivered with each of her movements. A profusion of taffeta and organza spilled over the flagstone, licked into frothing waves by the wind. As the processional column approached, the Queen spread her wings, and here at the base of Heunthume she resembled nothing less than the rising sun.  "Gelkalis, first and most loyal friend," she said, with genuine warmth. Zakiti remembered her choreography, as automatic as a circle dance. She bowed, and the Queen gallantly took her hand to kiss. The harpies loved ironies like this, thought Zakiti, as she waved airily at the crowd and tried to ignore her stiffening neck. They brought you to their capital to pay obeisance, only to play at gallantry.
