The rosy fingers of Dawn approach from the eastern seas to gently touch the shores of a newborn realm, a realm devoted to the cause of light. With the foundation of Rezankand, the diverse inhabitants of the Dry Coast, both newcomers from the east and those born in these lands, have demonstrated their unwavering conviction to become a radiant beacon of light on a continent shrouded in darkness. Not merely a motley collection of independent statelets, but a strong and unified realm devoted to lead the many inhabitants of Zenzarkand towards His Light. A new realm born from the unique blend of Bulwari and Zenzarkandi influences requires a faith equally suited for its unique circumstances. Thus, a new council gathering representatives of all temples of the SarArukanaš, the Devotion to the Light, and all holy orders within Rezankand has been called upon to decide the future of the faith. After many days and nights of vigorous debate between proponents of the many disparate visions for and traditions within the faith, a new set of dogmatic tenets has been agreed upon at the Council of Jaherdin, binding the many autocephalous temples together with a shared doctrine. Firstly, no longer shall Chosenhood be considered the birthright of all Sun Elves; instead, Chosenhood is granted by Surael to a few exalted individuals, irrespective of their race. These chosen Exemplars are tasked with protecting the faithful children of Surael and directing the fight against the Malevolent Dark. In some ways this marks a more progressive approach as Chosenhood is no longer contingent upon an individual’s racial heritage but in principle open to all, similar to the belief espoused by the Way of Jaddar, yet it also harkens back to ancient times, where the title of Gumar, or Chosen One, was granted only to those select few who distinguished themselves through legendary feats in service of Surael. Thus, only those who feel the calling of Surael and have demonstrated they have been gifted the needed talents by Him shall ascend to the rank of Exemplar, taking on the burden of devoting their life to the Struggle against the Dark, and lead the people as paragons of the Light. Secondly, all elves, be they Sun Elves, Ruinborn, or other, are in truth children of Surael just like the Bulwari. Their very essence is infused by the sacred Ilu of Surael, a reward for their centuries of unwavering dedication to the cause of Light. While their unknown creator deity surely has long since perished, slain by the Dark like all other gods, by Surael’s Grace they are now filled with His Light.
