Mitrenya always told me not to follow her, but I never listened. When I stared at the claws jutting from her lower back, I found myself glad I hadn't.  At least, I realised distantly, she wouldn't die here alone.  I met the gaze of the beast. It was ghoulishly thin, with grey, sallow cheeks halfcovered by its mask, which was carved from a deer's skull. Mitrenya had clearly managed to wound it, littering it with cuts and slicing one of its antlers from its root with razorsharp blades of water, but it still managed to best her.  The wendigo advanced. Each step brought with it a memory. Holding hands with my mother as we walked the riverbank. My tutor's gentle voice as he taught me to read. Sharing a candy with Mitrenya, enjoying the rare, breathtaking smile on her face. It drew closer. The air felt thicker. A strange calm washed over me, as new memoriesones I didn't recognisestarted to flicker by. An ornate crown on my closest friend's head. A river, murky red instead of clear blue. A legion of men and women, wielding weapons I'd never seen, charging into a snowcovered forest. A pale, outstretched hand in a bustling ballroom, and a voice I knew, but couldn't put to a face.  "Shall we dance, dear?"  Just as I could feel the monster's rancid breath on my face, a crimson spear tore through its chest. A second followed, then a third, straight through its shoulder and its stomach. It howled, the sound echoing bonechillingly through the forest, before it streaked off into the trees, its cries fading away. Behind where it had stood was Mitrenya, already forming another spear out of the blood that poured from her stomach.  "I.I didn't know I could do." She muttered, tipping forward. I rushed to catch her, heedless of the ichor that spilled over me. Her spear lost its shape, joining the rapidlygrowing pool around us.  "It's okay, Ren." I whispered to her unconscious form, as voices made themselves known not far from our clearing, alerted by the battle and the yowling. "It's okay now."
