You stand here accused, by several witnesses in this very hall, of placing hexes on the good citizens of Corinsfield. Not only that, but you have bragged of your spellcasting, as if this is something to be proud of. You Ruinborn may be backwards, but many of your brethren have embraced the light. Yet you, sir, most assuredly have not, and have brought the greatest evil on Halann to this hallowed land. What do you have to say for yourself, Talvyr, what possible defense could there even be for these heinous acts? The inquisitor, throwing these words at Talvyr in his harangue, receives little in the way of a response from the Sardan. He clutches onto the stand, steadying himself as he blinks to try and return to the room. Talvyr turns, with a grin on his face, towards the inquisitor. Can you remind me of what exactly I said I could do? Talvyr slurred. The inquisitor glanced at the audience with a raised eyebrow, as unusually, some muffled giggles emerged from the crowd. Well, of course, if you need your guilt proven even more than it already is. You claimed that you could control the winds, use them to cause foul magical odours to disrupt our good town. That you could poison our wells with but a flick of your finger, and why is everyone laughing? The room was in uproarious laughter, and Talvyr himself was laughing. As the inquisitor stood there, flabbergasted, he began to cough, and covered his mouth from the foul smell emanating from Talvyr. That caused everyone to laugh even harder. And now, my dear audience, I shall show you all how I will poison your waters, using my mighty witching wand. Talvyr crowed, and the laughter rose in volume as he started to undo his trouser button. Red in the face from embarrassment and anger, the inquisitor grabbed Talvyr by the scruff of his collar. You drunken buffoon. You dare make a mockery of me, of this court, of our righteous fight against witchery and its evil? Guards, prepare the pyre for this fool. The roughness of the guards and the unmitigated fury of the inquisitor stilled the laughter in the court hall. The only thing that could be heard then, was Talvyr’s words as he was dragged to his doom.
