Alain sil Miosadh sat in his office, despairing at the current situation. The fleet of Crothan? Smashed, ruined, at the bottom of the Dames head, which left the city with no means to patrol its waters, protect its merchants, and project its sovereignty. But that was not the only problem, of course. Unemployed mercenaries were turning to crime to make ends meet, and this, combined with the tragic losses incurred by the destroyed fleet, had made a lot of citizens very, very angry with the Free City.  The door to his office opened, and in walked an ageing elf in salmon pink garb, a jovial, even confident expression on his face. He sat at a chair in front of Alain’s desk, his cane in his lap, hands locked perfectly still as he patiently waited, seemingly for Alain to say something.  After a few minutes, the mayor sighed. "Why are you here, Goodelf?" "Sir Goodelf," Saulion corrected, smiling, "And I am here to be appointed to your advisory council."  "What?"  "Crothan has lost its fleet, which means that until it can get one again; and I assume that will take quite a while; it will need delicate diplomacy to ensure it stays a free city, and not the westernmost part of Dames crown. Diplomacy we both know only one elf can provide."  The mayor took a deep breath. "You know I cannot just make you an advisor on such short notice. I need the approval of"  "Normally, yes." Saulion passed the mayor a slip of parchment, with a rather large number upon it. "But in desperate times we need only some crowns."  "You do realise we are in a crisis, Sir?" Crothan was not exactly swimming in coin at the moment, and all of what they had needed to go to rebuilding the fleet and keeping the city afloat.  "I assure you this is a crucial number; half of it is to end up in the pockets of anyone you think will care about me being appointed without approval from the council."  "And the other half?"  "My consultation fee." Saulion said, as if it should have been obvious.  The risk was immense, Alain’s career would be destroyed if anyone intervened, but he only had one concern on his mind as he weighed the option. "You will save Crothan?"  Saulion smiled. "I built this Free City from a clerical error. I can assure you, if Crothan can be saved," He pointed to himself with his thumb, "I’m the only elf for the job."  He fell silent, seeming to be eagerly awaiting Alain’s response.  And after a few more moments of pondering, Alain sil Miosadh gave a response.
