Entering Castonath's massive gates for the first time in thirty long years, Lianne Auern can hardly believe her eyes. This was not the Castonath she remembered, the Castonath that was her home for so many years, before she left to study and make herself known under the gnomish artificers of Anbennar and Western Cannor. Where were the squalid tenements, built over half-collapsed stone buildings? Where were the endless rows of lots more rubble than anything else, sitting as abandoned and empty as bird nests in the winter? The Castonath she knew was a child trying to fill in their older sibling's old clothes, comically out of place, its inhabitants weighed down by reminders of Castonath's past glory and splendor as they walked through towwide streets. This Castonath, this Castonath was brimming with an indescribable energy and verve. The sounds of construction and renovation filled the air, layering a comforting rhythm underneath the hawks of merchants and the ever-present chatter of the people of the city. More than two dozen dialects and languages provided the backdrop of this chatter, a clear sign that Castonath was attracting immigrants from across Halann. A city's lifeblood was its inhabitants, and Castonath was absorbing new ones as quickly as the parched desert sand soaks up water, greedily drinking after centuries of stagnation. Lianne was not here just to reminisce and gawk, though. With a more critical eye, she found what she was looking for. Here and there were what appeared to be little spiderlike, mechanical familiars, scurrying back and forth and up and down buildings and walls. As far as Lianne could tell, these autonomous devices were doing tasks as varied as delivering messages, cleaning up stray marks and animal excrement, and conducting small repairs, sometimes all at once. These were work of an independent artificer union within the city; one that Lianne was tasked by the Gommo to report on. This was far from the only invention spreading through Castonath, however, in this perfect storm of Castonath renewal and explosion in magic for the people. Maybe Balgar's careful perfection of old could not be approached by mere mortals and was condemned to slowly decay over time, but perhaps artificery could bridge the gap. This was an age of new ideas, of innovation and progress. Castonath presented challenge and opportunity both; could the old City of Stone be brought into the Age of Artificery? And now that Lianne had seen all this for herself, maybe she could arrange for a longer stay in Castonath than she originally expected.
