"I was abducted at night, without any warning. I was asleep when they came, five or six Eiganrac soldiers, who broke down my door and dragged me from my bed. They beat me half to death; the journey to my place of imprisonment nearly finishing the job. But when I arrived at the Velildeven Reokest, my suffering only deepened.  No "lawabiding" Snecboth could understand the abject poverty of these places. The Reokest withers your body. the cold assaults you everyday, when you sleep or work. Food and water are often stale or unclean, and whatever they give you is just enough to keep you working, and nothing more; not as if they need you to work, of course. Much of what they set us to do could easily be done by the undead; especially considering the ample supply of corpses this grim place produces.  What they do to your spirit is worse; far worse if you are a political prisoner. They attack your mind every day; constant lectures and sermons and classes, while you work or while you eat. Everyday you are reminded of the magnitude of your mistake. Of the true and proper way of life, of the realities of the world, and your place in it. The worst part is that it works; too many of my friends have fallen victim to the Witch's song, been broken, and left hollow shells of their former great selves. Please; anyone who is reading this, I implore you; you must tell everyone you know of these places. This cannot continue, it cannot; if the people only knew, they would demand change, action. My defiance is killing me, and I have limited time left. but I only hope that future generations will not need to share my misery."  The Eiganrac soldier sighed as he stuffed the manuscript into his coat pocket, looking back at the dead rebel on the ground in front of him. All that trouble for a bit of paper and a story; thank Immarel he had intercepted this elf before he found a press, or else he might have had real trouble on his hands. He looked back at his horse, shaking his head; the ride to Velildeven was long and tiring indeed, and now he needed to plug a leak.
