The monarch of Siadanlén, leaned against the balcony, gazing out at the city beneath her. Even at this hour much of the city was illuminated; especially Siadúnasar's undercity, which was always abuzz with activity, and whose fires of industry cast a soft glow against the whitebrick and colours of the upper city. The monarch thought of how many of those folk were at Parusapa yesterday, where the full might and glory of the monarch and her government was displayed. She wondered whether those who had built this empire had known how far Siadanlén would fly? If Astárta knew that her descendants would rule over an eternal autocracy, topple the Command, or outshine the legacy of Jaher? She turned back from the balcony, her attention shifting to her desk, where, next to a stack of history books and a few geographical accounts, a document calling for the conquest of some far flung place lay. She had been reading through those histories just minutes before; she had read about how Siádan transformed from what was essentially a nomadic horde to a true state, a government, through its conquests of Siadanlén's old territories. The necessities of its conquests of the Raj and Bulwar had transformed it even further, into a bureaucratic empire in the vein of Jaher and Harimar, and now, perhaps, it was transforming into something greater. The Command had fallen, while the west had been reduced to a state of tranquility, the ancient homeland of Firanya secured. And still, some in the empire thirsted for war and conquest and a thousand more troubles. When she had met with the Chorsekhíl, they had asked of "next steps", and when the monarch had brushed her commanders aside, she had felt shame. Had she been growing soft? Content? She walked back to her desk, to the document that would have signalled a new campaign, and cast it into a nearby brazier. She was not growing soft. She was not merely content. Maybe she would embark on grand new conquests, and maybe her and her descendants would one day sit on the Dove Throne, or walk the halls of the High Temple at Tianlou. But not today, and not tomorrow either. Siadanlén did not conquer for the sake of it, or because it liked the taste of blood; it conquered to better itself, to ascend to new heights, not to grab at the dirt on the ground. And if that revelation was Siadanlén's New Synthesis, then so be it. As the harpy laid down on her bed to rest, she smiled; she would turn in for the night, and tomorrow she would awake to an empire at peace, its wings outstretched, eclipsing the world with its majesty.
