A collective gasp spread through the assembly chamber as the Gemradcurter ambassador, Rosanike sal Lóra, entered the hall. For all the things they had heard about the north, them sending a Kheionai envoy was not among them. Or at least, she looked Kheionai. Her skin was the teal colour of the Kaydano, and as she spoke to the assembly of power and strength and opportunity, she did so in their native tongue. But all could also see that the north had influenced her greatly. Rosanike had once, as an orphan, travelled north with Gemradcurter ships; had been moulded by the customs and norms of that cold, unforgiving place. And she had now returned as the voice of Immarel, the one who had saved her and given her new purpose. But not all assembled saw that as a good thing; and though the alliance was so very close to being voted through, the dissenters and the doubters still had a razorthin majority. And the people outside, too, were afraid. They had good reason to be. Amidst her speech, a Caamasi seacaptain, a refugee from his homeland, burst through the chamber's entrance, shrugging off the guards who tried to stop him with the rabid and desperate strength of an exile meeting his exile. He decried Immarel and the Snecboth and Rosanike as witches, evildoers and destroyers. He told the assembly, who had half a mind to hear him out, of what the LadyMother of Winter had done to his homeland, to all the north. And then, the rage and grief and vengeance overtaking him, he pulled a weapon, cloaked himself in Summer magics, and charged at the diplomat. He barely made it ten steps before he lay on the floor dead, a storm of fire and ice flashfreezing his flesh and shattering him in the same breath. Lowering her arm, wisps of magic swirling around her fingertips, she turned back to the assembly. "What he said was true. All of it." The Kheionai sat in stunned silence as Rosanike resumed her speech, half in awe and half in dreadfear. "But think, all of you, of what the power he spoke of could do in the hands of your city. What I showed you was but a fraction of it, and if a mere diplomat could do this," she gestured to the iceburnt corpse behind her, "then imagine what a hundred of me could do to your enemies. This power; true power; is in your grasp. All you have to do is reach out and take it."
