After being given the blessings of the elder shamans, several brave orkish warriors, including the one who first raised their voice to the shamans’ judgement of the beasts, have elected to be willingly infected with lycanthropy. The full moon hangs in the air like the eye of a judgemental god, and it does judge. One by one, these brave orks drink from a chalice of werewolf blood, eager to redeem them of sin, to be found worthy by their God. Most are not judged so, keeling over in screams and anguish as the transformation takes hold of them. Agonizing bawls turn into bloodthirsty howls as they begin to lunge at the guards proceeding the ceremony. Several of the creatures tear through those observing the ritual; those that do not, flee into the night, determined to rampage through their tribe, transforming even more orks. Horrified by such a savage sight, one of the elder shamans cries out, “Look at these men. The supreme leader is clearly displeased with us, to see orks tear apart orks with such savagery? Not have I seen this since before the supreme leader rallied us all. This damnable curse will be our ruin.” As the disparate shouts of the shamans turn into a unifying tide of agreement, a werewolf makes his way past the shamans’ guards. “Dookan forgive us,” a shaman cries, believing himself to be at the end of his life, believing his clan forsaken by their God, yet as the beast pounces upon its prey, a flash of fur and fang knocks it to the ground. a wolfman standing taller, nobler than the rest. Getting up to attack again, the beast attempts to defend itself, slicing at the attacker with a vicious claw. The attending shamans are stunned into silence, capable only of staring wide-eyed as the feral wolf is killed. Grabbing its lifeless corpse, the victorious werewolf does not howl; he speaks. “Warriors. Shamans. Look upon me, judge me, as the supreme leader has. Find me worthy, as He has. He has spoken to me and He has decreed so. Only the pure of sin and savage of heart will survive His trials.” One of the elder shamans contemplates this event, lost in thought for what feels like eons, until he finally speaks.
