Yesterday, the sun rose on the river. In one town, a baker rose with the dawn. He stopped before a small shrine, the one his wife had repeatedly asked him to destroy. He said a quick prayer to his dead god, and another for his living god, for he must believe, for the alternative was despair. He stepped downstairs and opened his shop, hoping to sell enough to make it to tomorrow. He blessed the season many times that day, with words that did not reach his soul. In another town, a merchant from a distant domain entered the city. It had been a long and difficult journey, and he had lost half his wares, but still he trudged on. He was struck by the frigid reception of the city’s inhabitants; most gave him a wide berth, and those who did return his nods did so hurriedly, as if not wanting to be caught making contact with him. He made only a single sale that day, a plain ring purchased by a young woman for a good friend of hers. On her way out of the square, she was stopped by a young elf who wore a smile like a mask. He said a few words to her, and they parted ways. The ring washed ashore on the river’s banks later that day. In a third town, a woman crossed one of the great bridges over the river, and stopped for a moment at its center. She peered over the edge at the rushing waters below, and wondered for a moment what would happen if she simply threw herself over the railing. Then a voice came from behind her, asking if she knew the glory of the Amber Princess. Yes, she replied, she blessed the Princess’ name daily. The elf who had bothered her smiled. It was good that she knew such a thing; there are some who have chosen to forget, and he is glad that she is not one of them. May the season bless her, he said. May the season bless him, she said, with a stolen glance at the foaming waters below. Today, the sun rises on the river. In the first town, it is quiet, and no one prays to the dead god. In the second town, it is quiet, and no one peddles their wares. In the third town, it is quiet, and the great bridges are empty.
