Captain Talaran nearly cried out in anguish when he heard a great explosion consume the HeartChamber from the other side of the doors. For a few minutes, he feared; believed; Immarel dead, his dear leader, with whom he was half in love, slain by perfidious traitors. Then the doors opened, and he feared no longer. Immarel stood within the chamber, the inside of the phylactery behind her swirling with magical energy, wisps of it filling the chamber and spreading out once the doors opened. She stood tall, nearly majestic in her power, and completely at ease, despite her injuries, standing in the biting cold in nothing but a tattered nightgown; all the plotters and traitors were dead on the floor, reduced to frozen corpses. With a flick of her hand, they rose once again in service to her. The Taigan Order loyalists, Talaran included, knelt in submission to her; but they had no idea what had truly transpired; What Immarel had become; What would soon happen to Gemradcurt.  Along with the rest of the nation, they soon would. From the tip of the Frostspear, coinciding with the explosion within its depths, erupted a beam of light that seemed to pierce the sky, a maelstrom of ice and wind and magic erupting over the skies of the city. Across northern Eordand, from Slecgal to Marathmas to Einsagg, the days kept growing colder and colder and colder, until the entire nation was plunged into a deep winter. Snow fell. Then armies marched from the Frostspear; armies of undead, of frozen corpses and icewhite skeletons, led by Taigan Order officers. And, finally, Immarel told the people what had occurred.  There had been a grave threat to Gemradcurt; a coup attempt from within, supported by enemies from without. Immarel was forced to take drastic measures. This new winter, a neareternal winter that would last 9 months of the year, alongside the undead armies streaming out of Gemradcurt, would protect them forever; as would Immarel. For Immarel had seized the power of eternal life. She urged for calm. For people to remain in their homes until the threat had passed.
