During the time of the Harpy flight, or the Great Tsh'iqi, as the P'ezarangi call it, many of the harpies that fled east settled at the Paravimvata range, later becoming the Siadunan. But among the fleeing flocks, some advocated crossing the Paravimvata and seeking a home ever further in the unknown lands of Haless, to ensure they would remain outside of Jaher's grasp. One such flock, led by Relyore Fillanveta, a young harpy unfortunate enough to witness firsthand the brutal efficiency of Jaher's legions, continued their journey. After a long flight further east, they arrived at Mount Tughyasa. Tired, broken, and mistrustful of outsiders, Relyore led her flock in an attempt to loot the peaceful Oracular Order of the mountain. They soon found that the Order was far from unarmed, and the tired harpies were humbled and defeated once more. Unlike the Jaherian Scourge, however, the Muthadhaya oracles didn't punish or hurt the broken harpies; instead, they kept them at home arrest, disarmed but free to leave at any point. It took long months of careful opening and dialogue for the harpies to trust humans, but as they did, the diverse order taught them the art of Yi, which means to think, a yannified P'ezarangi term associated with philosophy and free thinking. Once sufficient rapport was built, Relyore was invited to receive a reading from the Oracles. Nobody knows exactly what the divination revealed to the flock, but it caused Relyore to lead the harpy refugees further south to the Xianjie mountains. There they settled and continued practicing Yi, submitting to the authority of Xia Wulin, as Relyore became the first harpy Martial Master. The following decades saw the her, as the local Szitu people came to call them, changing gradually, maintaining Relyore's legacy and settling into a calmer and wiser way of life, spending long days on meditation, exercise, and singing festivals. Under the Third Martial Master, Dasheng, the already heavily yannified harpies adapted to the way of Chi and embraced the Transmutative Path. Over time, they also developed a martial technique called "Rei," meaning to Flow, which allowed for more elegant combat. The technique grew over the following decades, eventually evolving into a new martial art of p'erryi, "Dancing Breeze."
