The Chained Sun. A Treatise on the Sun's Appearance in Astronomy, Mythology and Religion Author. Nalin Goodanvil It is unknown what exactly the ancient dwarves thought about the sun. As mostly subterranean creatures, the impact of the sun and moon was much smaller in dwarven society than in those of most other races. The name Gurthbael occurs in a few ancient sources as a possible sun god, though it is unclear what role he may have played in the dwarven mythology, or if he was ever truly worshipped. Even if he was, his importance declined along with most of the gods during the fall of the dwarven realm as most dwarves turned from the distant cosmic powers of the gods to the more intimate powers of their ancestors. Even when in contact with humans like the Bulwari, who greatly venerated the sun, most dwarves would keep to their own ritual practices, forming a parallel religion to the practices of the humans. A notable exception would be the great number of dwarves who swore fealty to the Court of Castellos along with Balgar, yet even they would largely ignore the sun which the Cannorians associated with the malevolent primordial Draxos. Yet while the Bulwari saw the sun as their salvation and the Cannorians saw it as an antagonist, one thing they had in common was their belief in the sun as a diminished force, wishing to return to its true power. The Bulwari told of how Surael lost his body and awaits rebirth, while the Cannorian spoke of how Draxos was imprisoned by Agrados. This motif can even be found among the vile goblins, with their chained sun goddess Tewaka Sunka. While some may have dismissed these ideas as mere superstition, their very own astronomers have seen the truth in them. In the reports from the Setzunkhûpa you can read accounts of dark spots appearing and disappearing all over the sun, what could this be if not an assault by dark forces? Some have even seen the sun counterattack by discharging massive flares into the void. The Sapphire Dwarves pride themselves on being the only dwarves to truly look up instead of just staring down, isn't it time they started to appreciate the full power of what lies in the celestial spheres?
