The arena in the capital city brims with gnolls and humans alike, each waiting with bated breath for the festivities to begin. Spectators hailing from across the country and her loyal subjects have gathered to witness the first of what would soon become a regular tradition; the legendary Krahsport. In gnollish society the pastime of violent, full-contact sport is regarded as the height of physical recreation, allowing one to train both their mind and body while deepening relations among the pack with the adrenaline-filled highs and lows of victory and defeat. Bulwari natives, on the other hand, have critiqued gnoll sport as being savage, unrefined, and physically extremely dangerous. Few would imagine that, after centuries of refinement, the same sport that once divided gnoll and man would be seen as a symbol of unity between the country and her subjects. In the Krahsport, human and gnoll athletes compete on an equal footing, with no handicap or bias, whether it be individually or in teams as the specific contest requires. The games are divided equally between high-contact, physically demanding gnoll sports and more refined, skill-intensive Bulwari athletic traditions. Wrestling, archery, horseback riding, swordfighting, water polo, handball, marathons, and falconry number among some of the original Krahsport contests, with many more featuring in the Krahsports of later years. The merging of gnoll and Bulwari sport, at first done for purely recreational reasons, would ultimately contribute to a strong and truly noble national identity. The camaraderie of the Krahsport would go beyond the sands of the arena, however, for the real cutthroat competitions were to be held amidst the offices and magistrates of the bureaucracy of the country and her subjects, all fighting for the honor of hosting the Krahsport in their capitals in the regular intervals that it is not hosted in the capital city itself. To host the Krahsport would bring fame and prestige to one's dominion, along with no small amount of wealth from the increased economic activity and noble stipends. This tradition of a moving Krahsport would further intertwine the various dominions of the country but would also result in the Krahsport eventually being seen as a pan-Bulwar tradition, such that even after the fall of the country it would continue to be hosted among the cities of Bulwar and beyond.
