In a newly rebuilt amphitheater in the capital, leaders of the different clans have shown up. The various chiefs were arrayed on dining chairs surrounding a kitchen table from a nearby inn. While shabby, history was about to be made today. Arosha Oakbreaker, an elderly ork now, approached the group and took a seat at the head table. The monarch bowed respectfully and took the seat next to hers. Arosha cleared her throat and announced, “We are gathered here today to discuss the survival of orkkind in a post-Greentide world. As we have seen in the west and south, our fellow orks are being conquered and enslaved by the adventurers. While some orks may see their future in fullhearted adopting all Cannorian customs and others may see it in dedicating themselves to conquest, we believe in a different path.” The chiefains leaned in to hear what Arosha had to say next. Arosha continued, “For a long time, we have fought each other as much as we fought the adventurers. Severed Ear and Bloodgorger, Clouded Eye and Bladebreaker. However, we cannot survive like this. Though Corintar holds back some enemies, what would happen if Rosande takes them over? These things are not unheard of, like how the Anbenncóst Expedition was conquered by those demon worshipping elves before the Battle of Castonath. If Rosande was to conquer us, they’d take us all in chains to work in their fields until our descendants drop dead.” “That’s why I am proposing a new nation. Unguldavor, Wall of Forests. Just like a forest is made up of several trees to make a strong wall, Unguldavor is composed of several clans. Individually, we are weak, but together, we are strong. It is, henceforth, with great honor that I bestow the title of monarch to the ruler. Long may they reign.” All the chieftains rose up and applauded. The terms were then laid out. every clan would be autonomous, answering only to the monarch for peace and defense of the realm. Every chieftain signed their name on the Unguldavor Charter. History would remember this day, but if it is for fame or for ruin is up to the ruler to find out.
