Our diplomat arrives at the lavish home of the exiled king of Grôzumdihr. He has lived in peace and prosperity for ages, but has become lazy and indecisive over the years, an unsuitable disposition for such an important figure to our cause. After pleasantries are exchanged, he calls for lunch, where all delicate matters can be discussed. These delicate matters, however, are not the state of his hold, but the actual delicacies that he has enjoyed for so long. As the day continues, our diplomat tries to explain the urgency of our reclamation and how essential a secured Grôzumdihr is, but his words fall on deaf ears. The next few days also bring no significant improvements to our relationship with the Exilarch, but on the fifth day, he finally calls the diplomat into his private chambers, where he rests on a large couch. "I have thought about what you have said over the past days," he begins and takes a sip of wine, "how you have appealed to my honour and pride, to our shared past and our future, and I must say, I am impressed with your idealism. But your people are young and your spirits are full of a fire that will quickly consume us all if we do not quench it appropriately." He offers a glass of wine to our diplomat. "I have waited, and I can still wait, until the time is right to make a move." He nods gravely. Our diplomat loses heart, having hoped that something might finally change, but alas, the Exilarch is still unwilling to devote himself to his inheritance. The next week, a missive from HulazKrakazol arrives. "If the Exilarch is unwilling, offer your own expedition. If he agrees, send word back." With these new instructions, the diplomat once again approaches the Peridot Dwarf. "What is it this time? Your constant nagging begins to annoy me." "Your majesty, I understand that you wish to make sure that the time is right for your reclamation and that it is safe for you to return." "Yes, and?" "How about we, the dwarves of HulazKrakazol, send in an advance team of our own to gauge the dangers within before starting any reclamation efforts?" The Exilarch silently stares at the diplomat for almost a minute before he reaches for some grapes. "If you wish, then I see no harm in it. You have my blessing, but do not disturb me further; you have spoiled my appetite."
