Perhaps there was a good reason why our ancestors had named the menace which had emerged from the sea during the onslaught as ‘deep devils’ and ‘sea devils’ instead of something more descriptive of their actual appearance.  Grotesque, twisted contortions of mangled flesh composed of interwoven lumps of cold grey slimy skin and tentacles form vaguely bipedal creatures, but reports vary as to how these abominations traverse terrestrial land. While some have leg like appendages, others walk upon any number of tentacles, others yet slither on either flesh or clusters of tentacles, and fewer yet crawl on the ground by pulling themselves forward with barbed tentacles. Although some have chunks of flesh which resemble heads atop their bodies, these clusters of tissue serve no purpose as their eyes, mouth, and teeth are dotted across their body. Some dissected deep devils were found to have only one heart, while others had as many as twelve hearts, ranging in size from as small as a grape to as large as a melon. The largest heart found so far continues to beat like a drum, its sound echoing through the halls of laboratory weeks after being torn out of its supposedly mortal body. Further questions remain regarding the intellect of the deep devils as the number, size, and location of their brains vary between dissected specimens. Some had no discernible brain matter while others had interlaced clods of clammy tendrils which quivered at the slightest touch. A few sea devils have been found with burn marks across their bodies, but the vast majority seem to have not been impacted by the spell that was cast on the ocean many years ago. These dissected deep devils have confirmed our greatest fears, there is no uniform anatomy to these devils which we could exploit. To kill a deep devil requires total annihilation of their deformed bodies.  Kar Alusir, Emperor of all Qasnitu, conqueror of Bulwar, immortal among immortals, and emperor evermore of Karqaslu has already begun rallying the troops, vowing to not only to exterminate these abominations which dare pollute Karqaslu, but also to rectify once and for all the humiliation Karqaslu faced at the hatenctales of these deep devils.
