Fools, that is what they are, fools. The governor cursed a whole dictionary before calming down and giving notice to the administrators and officers in his office. "Round up each and every one of those youngsters and bring them to the fort, immediately. We cannot let the tribes think that we pick one over the other, so do not fret to arrest any agitators who may try to take revenge on those youngsters." With this mission in mind, the small task force set out. Their job was simple. get the sacred ritual knife back and arrest the thieves before any fighting breaks out. It still seemed strange that some kids stealing an old buried knife from a different tribe could spark calls to war and the senseless spilling of blood. It did however not matter, for if they failed, more tribes might get involved in this feud. Arriving at the village, the locals already seemed to know why the soldiers had come. One local pointed them to the tent where the youngsters had gathered. And just as the captain was about to enter, a man called to him. "You have no business being here. This is a tribal affair, and you have no right to interfere, so leave." Shocked, the captain looked back to his tribal liaison, who remarked that he was right, that technically, they had no right to interfere in tribal business. Some more tribal men, from both tribes, arrived at the scene with a very clear message. do not interfere, or pay the consequence. Not wanting his men to get hurt, the captain ordered the soldiers to pack up again and prepare to leave. But not before witnessing the solution to the feud. The man who demanded the captain to leave stormed into the tent and came out a few seconds later, dragging the oldest of the perpetrators with him. He threw the kid, who was no older than sixteen, to the ground, surrounded by men from the wronged tribe. They then, to the horror of the captain, proceeded to beat the kid to near death, breaking perhaps a dozen bones and fracturing every limb. "This is no justice," the captain thought to himself as they rode away in silence. For a while now, the rule of law which dominates in Plumstead has clashed with the traditions of justice which rule the Epednar. Life is harsh on the steppes, and so is its sense of justice. Revenge, blood feuds, and deep-seeded hatred are commonplace in the Expanse, and are now clashing with our own principles of justice and fair punishment.
