It was a windy day in Ormam. To the south and west, the sky was blue and clear. To the north and east, the sky was painted blue as well, but it was a markedly different kind of blue. Rising from the water like a wall, clouds and banks of every hue, from pastel blue to indigo, were rapidly approaching. The Kaydhano in all its merciless glory. Captain Amarien of the Ormami punitive fleet had ordered the fetters struck from the oarsmen, so that they might choose their end. Most had abandoned ship, either in panic, or in the knowledge that the cold embrace of the sea would be preferable to the alternative. Some brave few were splayed across the deck, having taken their own lives, or having had a friend on hand to aid them in depriving the storm of a victim. Amarien looked down at her sword, slick with the blood of her first mate, who lay crumpled by her feet. She had not expected to die this morning. Her fleet had set out to bring Apikhoxí back into the fold, by force if necessary. The weather had been fair, she had undertaken every reasonable preparation. And no one had seen the approaching Kaydhano. She smiled, despite herself. Big old thing to miss, but then again, many had probably seen the Kaydhano. But there is seeing, and there is living to speak of what you saw. Captain Amarien turned to face the storm, and felt the wind blow in her face. She felt the innumerable pinpricks of particles, like needles in her skin. Then burning like salt beneath it. She stared up at the Kaydhano, even as her vision began to swim and darken, as she felt her eyes begin to burn. Her every nerve began to sing, as Amarien felt her body rise in revolt against her, twisting and bloating as fine blue dust settled upon her and within her. To a theoretical onlooker, it would seem that Captain Amarien collapsed quickly, her misshapen legs giving out from under her. Even her screams were soon cut short, as lungs torn ragged by the fine blue dust fell silent. Perhaps it was a quick death. Certainly it was a death. As the Ormami punitive fleet fell silent, the Kaydhano rolled west, towards Alecand.
