When word came to Heunthume of the discovery of the northern flocks, the populace was ecstatic. Many had heard the songs of the Quaentho Mesti, and spat at the name Beastbane. Even so, their fury was one born of sorrow, for the loss of an entire flock was one almost too cruel to bear. That the wingmaidens of Vangheim had survived, and even thrived in the icy wastes of Gerudia, was therefore considered miraculous, and an invitation was naturally extended for these distant kin to visit the heart of Harpylen. This proved difficult in practice, for Gerudia was half a world away, and the daughters of Vaengheim took their charge over Elkaesal seriously enough that few held any desire to abandon their roosts and duties. A compromise was arranged, where a number of younger wingmaidens were chosen to accept this invitation instead. Those who were not yet so entangled in their duties that their roosts would be lesser by their absence. This caused some consternation in Heunthume, and many idly wondered if their northern kin held reservations on meeting them. If their majesty was lost on these rustic people, and if they were in fact being held in contempt? These fears proved unfounded, for not long after, word arrived from Deskumar. Reavers. Rowdy, ravishing, rambunctious Gerudian reavers. Wingmaidens in longships in their dozens. In ceremonial armour, singing, drinking, and so on. Word spread, and it became clear that the reavers were closing. Word came from TremoEnkost, then AkalUak. Then word of landfall in Kuzak. The wingmaidens continued on foot, and allegedly food, drink, and merriment rose in their wake. The queen, ever close to the plight of her people, knew her duty. And thus, she gathered her court, and flew out to meet the northern savages. The harpies clashed on the bank of lake Nasratu, and it is said that the festivities could be heard from Ciranmyna. Fishermen on the lake claimed that wine and mead had flowed so freely in those days, that a man could fall drunk on the waters of the lake for years afterwards.
