We are steeped in blood during our jog up the hill. Exhaustion nearly claims us as we stumble a dozen times in our ascent. I notice other hosts struggling to make it the last few steps as we find a man lecturing the surviving nobility. He roars, saying, "Do not forget, this is your doing. You threw us away like trash, and now you have to face the consequences of your actions." The Aldresian host, unsteady and exhausted, watches silently. Taking a moment to look at us, the man steps forward toward the shackled nobility. Young and old, they are regal, and appear to host a variety of emotions. Some are angry at us, others forgiving, most with daggers in their eyes toward the man. I can hear them, though they do not speak. "What have you done to our children? You poisoned them." This was a family affair by all rights. An older man, a blind baron in his seventies renowned for his kindness, raises his hand, looking for his son, but instead he finds the man's fist crack against his jaw. Immediately a grumble emerges from my brothers and sisters. What in the hells are we doing? "No, no, no. You will heed." The man snaps. "We are this close to what we are owed." He continues as he draws a dagger, staring at the older man. As he does, the clear unsheathing of a blade shifts everyone’s heads to a young knight rising from the crowd. Her armor appears to have a radiant glow, small wisps of blond hair peaking out from her helmet. "Enough is enough. You speak of birthright, but you have proven you deserve nothing. This barbarity has gone on long enough." "Get back in line, Aldresian," the man growls, with gritted teeth. "We all swore an oath. To be just and true. To be a shining sword in the darkness. And from what I can see, you are that darkness. And if I must, I will be that shining sword against you." The woman points her blade at the man. "If you are backed by God as you say, then you should have no problem striking me down. Face me one on one, second son." The woman challenges, as the man looks around for allies. He finds none.
