It was in a dark forest clearing, with the light of the moon shining through the opening in the trees, where we met them. A gathering of the largest chieftains in this region, and some from further beyond as well. It seems that this area has long served as a meeting ground for the Kukatodic people. Our languages were foreign to each other, but work on mutual translation had already been underway for some time, and our mages could remove the rough edges that were left in our communication. Once everyone had gathered, and the introductions and pleasantries were concluded, the feast began. We told them of our great civilization, its fall, and how we had retaken our home. They told us of their history, how they had come to this land long ago from the west, how their southern kin in the plains had fallen before the centaurs, and how they had survived in their forests. We told them of the Setzunkhupa and of the wonders we could see in the sky, they told us of their crones and how they could talk with the spirits of the forest. We gave them a gift in gems and metals from the mountains, they agreed to let their guides show us the way to the sea, and the people who lived beyond it.  When we asked them about these peoples beyond the sea, they clearly expected their descriptions to shock us, and they did. But not because their descriptions were new and unthinkable to us, but rather because they were so familiar. As we heard more about these eastern Triunics, it became increasingly clear that we were dealing with an urban society not too unlike our own and the one we left behind in Cannor, miraculously located half a world away from the rest of civilization. This has renewed our determination to push east until we reach the eastern shores and can speak to this alien civilization ourselves.  As for the Kukatodics, despite their less civilized nature they haven't avoided our curiosity either. Their name means "hill watchers", a name which combined with their western origins have caused some of their scholars to suggest that they may have lived near or even interacted with the Setzunkhupa in the distant past. These theories, however, will have to remain pure conjecture for now.
