Chief Zako Web Cleaner had never felt so small in his entire life. Back in the tunnels, he had been feared amongst his clanmates for his imposing stature, but here, standing in the dead center of a comically oversized throne room, flanked by two hulking warriors that tripled him in size, Zako believed that he now knew what it felt like to be an insect. With a voice that sounded like two rocks being ground together, the figure on Zako's right exchanged some words with the hulking figure that sat on the throne before him, before motioning to a leaner blueskinned giant waiting in the wings. The blue ogre, evidently a mage, slowly began to circle around Zako, sketching strange glowing shapes on the ground with the tip of his staff. Before Zako was able to process what was happening, the voice that boomed at him in his own language from the throne stunned him into instant focus. "Speak." Taking a gulp of air, Zako proceeded to tell the same tale he told the garrison commander he had first encountered while leading his people out into the light. Things were changing in the deep, and his clan was forced to choose between eking out a meager existence in the familiar dark, or taking a gamble on a new lease on life in the light. It had taken a great deal of persuasion and threatening, but the clan ultimately decided the latter, packing up all the belongings they could muster on their pack spiders, and heading east as far as their legs would carry them. Falling to his knees, he pleaded the kingly figure before him to accept the Web Cleaners into his realm, in exchange for eternal servitude and gifts of all they possessed. After a moment of silence that went on for what felt like ages, the seated figure motioned to their mage once again, who dispelled the translation magic with a snap of their fingers. Though he could not understand the words, Zako could only watch on in horror as the room devolved into the sounds of what could only be understood to be an argument. "My lord, surely we do not have the food to spare for such pathetic creatures. Just look at them, they don't even have any meat on them." "Need I remind you who the ruler is here? I believe these creatures will make for fine slaves, and that is final. All of the Web Cleaner tribe are henceforth the personal property of the Mengotsa, and shall be allowed to enter the valley unmolested."
