Disturbed from their rest, the monarch wears the thunderous expression on their face only present on those still suffering from last night's hangover. As they enter the council hall, the disturbed ruler, clad in finery and with an air of power only afforded by one of the nation's greatest mages, wordlessly tosses a stick like object at the monarch. As the monarch fumbles it out of the air, the stick seems to shudder and morph midair, alternating between poleaxe, spear, and more as it finally settles into the shape of a lance in the monarch's hand. The negative expression on the monarch's face evaporates in an instant, as they finally realize what has happened. "The weapon then, it is done?" the monarch exclaims. "Yes," the mage responds. "The weapon, as you call it, is finished. Forged and warded by magic to be incredibly strong and able to transform into one of a few configurations." The monarch, barely listening, rushes out of the room. "Get my riding gear," the monarch shouts, as the castle bursts into activity. Later, an expanding group of generals, advisors, and confidants watches as the monarch rides down yet another hapless block of hay. The bale explodes with some force as the lance impacts, as pieces of hay fly back from a small burst of magical energy. As the monarch adjusts their grip, the head of the lance subtly shifts into a sweeping edge, which the monarch uses to decapitate several more hay blocks without losing a beat. "I hope they know that this thing will run out of energy soon," someone mutters from the crowd. And indeed, the lance seems to almost fade by a few grades, settling back into the form of a long stick as the monarch wheels back around. "How long until we can make more of these things?" the monarch whoops as the crowd shies back. It would have to be recharged periodically with magical energy and certainly was not even near what the precursors had accomplished with the legendary Calindal, but three years of effort and collaboration had finally yielded a weapon worthy of the knightkings of Adenica.
