Ecaris strode through the camp, one of his generals by his side. It was a city on the march, his Exemplars shining gilded in their armor, mixed with those they had saved. They had done so much. “And we can still do more.” “Herald, you must listen to our council.” The general pleaded, exasperated. “The slave trade is broken, but everywhere there is rebellion, protests, chaos. We must evacuate. Take our allies with us. We have dispelled the darkness.” “And when we leave, it will return.” The pair passed Karodir, his mages gathered around him, lists exhausted. They passed freedmen liberated from Larankar to Nagar Vyechei. They passed wounded, Exemplar and Taychendi alike. “How could we abandon them like this?” “It is not our choice. The Taychendi will eject us regardless; they do not see us for what we are. They call you Erradal reborn, the Exemplars a chainbreaking Gophira.” Ecaris was annoyed himself now. “I don’t know this history. Isn’t Gophira a city? And who is?” “Not the city, their empire. Sarath Erradal was its last ruler. He went mad trying to keep it together, slew all who opposed him, and intended to keep doing so until he was the last elf alive in Taychend.” Finally, the pair had left camp. They looked out at the scene before them. Clemetar still burned in the distance, its inhabitants liberated or dispersed. The corpses of the defenders still lay outside the walls. Ecaris contemplated the carnage. “Herald, you know that we have caused damage here. Yes, for good cause, yes with restraint and reluctance, yes by Surael’s grace, but our eyes do not deceive us. Every army we destroy, city we shatter, enemy we break, they are souls we could save when we return.” Ecaris did not enjoy killing. And yet, Dazinkion’s edge had drawn the blood of tens of thousands, hundreds. But it had drawn victory too, slavery broken. He wondered what Corin would do, but when he searched his memories, he found not knowledge but feeling, remembered that certainty that followed her. That raw, overpowering hope. He looked to the ash-choked sky, saw a ray of light pierce the clouds. The darkness may be dispelled for but a moment, but for that moment, Dawn shone. A glimpse. He saw that hope again.
