Many gnolls across Sarhal adhere to the ancient Kvangahga faith, but few did it with such fervor and devotion as the Fieldstalkers of Haraagtseda. Their PriestSmiths exalt metallurgy as the highest expression of the will of their goddess, forging and reforging metal scraps scavenged across their vast savannah. They believed that by doing this they emulated the works of Kvanga, who they thought created gnolls by reforging malevolent bestial spirits into beings capable of good. Sometimes the scavengers found more than scrap metal, as hidden across the savannah are many marvelous and powerful genie relics. Indeed, the one that unified the loose federation into a centralized state, Rozherg Hammer of Kvanga, took this title from the powerful genie warhammer he wielded, which he in turn used to open the gates to the great Dao palace of Esuvrem. Here he founded the city Kvangraak, which became the capital of the unified Kvangahga faithful. Unfortunately for these misguided zealots, their false goddess could not protect them from us, blessed as we are by real gods that walk Halann. Their PriestSmiths forged and blessed all the weapons and armor they could, and their zealous warriors used them to fight until the last breath, but ultimately we shattered all their creations, returning them to the ground as the scrap they once were. The Hammer of Kvanga has been seized and brought to Kheterat as a trophy, but we have no need for such a heathen relic. We will let the waters of the Mother’s Sorrow swallow it, so that no gnoll can claim the blessing of this false goddess again. There is no denying the mastery in crafting, forging and scavenging that the Fieldstalkers possess, however, an expertise that will be of great use to Konolkhatep. The question is, should we erase the Makers League from history by absorbing its members into our empire, establishing direct rule over the Gazraaki savannah, or should our emperor take the crown of Haraagtseda, and grant these smiths a degree of autonomy?
