I rode at the head of the army as we entered Steelhyl. Behind us in chains were the worst among the Bladebreaker tribe. Among them was even Karagh Bloodfist, the monster that abused Lothane, killed his fellow halforks, and then attempted to seize control of Bladebreaker. He gave me a death glare, and even vowed that he’d kill me and Lothane if it was the last thing he’d do. Funny that he’d say that since he wouldn’t be alive after this day. The procession ended in front of the old chieftain’s tent. The gallows were set up. The names were read out. Amug Skullsmasher, Garl Skinsplitter, Lagba Bonecrusher, and Karagh Bloodfist. Varok Bladebreaker was not among the list as I deemed him not deserving of execution. The executioner pulled the lever, leaving four bodies hanging with a gruesome sound. Amug, Garl, and Lagba died instantly, their necks snapped. Karagh, on the other hand, grasped at the noose as he painfully suffocated. He gasped and had one last horrified look before his eyes glazed over and all movement ceased. After a moment to process the grisly scene, I turned to face the orks in attendance and announced, ‘I am sorry you had to witness that, but they were the worst of the worst. They were murderers, defilers of orkish dignity, torturers, and slavers. There was no place for them in civilized society and they were never going to change. It was better that they’d be executed now than corrupt us further. ‘On to the main topic of this speech, as of today, the Bladebreaker tribe is to now be a part of the greater Clouded Eye realm. We shall work together for the common good of orkkind, hand in hand, as we advance towards the future. I envision a future where all ork clans unite under one banner, not to conquer and enslave, but to survive and thrive. And for the first lesser chief of Bladebreaker, I present to you Varok Bladebreaker.’ I looked behind me, only to notice Varok and several other Bladebreaker leaders missing. It was deeply concerning and showed that I needed to end the rebellion to show true unity.
