The surviving leaders of the Ahati rebellion were being far too quiet and assured as they climbed the steps to the gallows. Something wasn’t right. The Ahati leader reached the executioner who, rather than lift the noose around the traitor’s neck, instead took a knife and calmly cut the man’s bonds. Panic erupted from the crowd as multiple others strode forward, revealing the bronze dragon emblem on their chests, and joined the Ahati on the platform. The leader raised a dagger in the air and cried, "Oh Aakhet, I summon thee. Destroy these Menkaunswt monsters who claim your crown.” A whirlwind of flame erupted from one of the bystanders. Their figure morphed and grew into the figure of a gigantic bronze dragon, the wind scattering a screaming audience as the Ahati roared their approval on Aakhet’s arrival. Right as the whirlwind of flame stopped, the dragon’s head swooped down with alarming speed and, in one bite, swallowed most of the Ahati on stage. The remaining Ahati screamed and jumped off the platform, with only the leader left with a look of shock locked into his face. "You absolute fools,” boomed the great dragon. "You think you can order me? You think you know what King Menkaunswt would have wanted? I was the one who created the Ahati. I was the Warrior King. I was King Menkaunswt.” With a snort, a burst of flame billowed out from his snout, turning the Ahati to ash. "To think they believed I would assist them after they had already lost their civil war. I am genuinely offended. When the King of Kheterata wanted assistance from Castanor due to his own weakness, do you know what I did? I kicked him off the tower in Kheterat and claimed the throne for myself.” It’s difficult to tell a dragon’s expression, but the tone of voice suggested a mix of pride and nostalgia. His silence continued as he gazed into the sky, before turning his head and dropping it to the monarch’s level. "You overcame this challenge not by relying on allies, but through your own strength. You may not worship me like the Ahati do, but your strength is undeniable. The Sorrow has been ruled by one with wings multiple times before. The Brotherhood would do well to remember the one they idolize had wings too.” His head dropped until it was right in front of the monarch’s face. Again, telling a dragon’s expression is difficult, but what spread across Aakhet’s face was undeniably a smile. "You have her eyes.”
