Emil stalks the halls of the once gilded, now crumbling castle. There are portraits on the walls. a father, a mother, a crown heir of course, and a dog. No sight of any secondborn, their existence irrelevant to this familial tableau. Emil narrows his eyes at the stern looking father, pausing a moment before drawing his blade and cutting the painting in half. Happy family, yeah? Emil mutters to himself before approaching the grand hall. The second son of these lands, Valan, stands there weakly with a few other Aldresians, his blade shakily up against the neck of his sibling. His parent watches on, helplessly tied to their throne. A spiteful anger grows in Emil. Valan spoke harshly of his kin when they departed from Arca Aldresia, but now he is moments away from fulfilling his destiny and is doubting it all? What weakness. Emil would have to help him find some courage. Valan. Emil shouts, his voice echoing throughout the opulent darkening room as every Aldresian but Valan knelt to him. What are you doing? Finish it. I. I can’t Valan tries as his sibling ignores Emil and speaks to his forlorn kin. Brother…why? Why didn’t you tell me you felt this way? Is this the Aldresian speaking poison into my son's ear? Valan’s father spits. Your son? YOUR son? The son you sent away like a dog to fight in your wars? Did you even come to last year’s ball to see him? Emil snaps back with venom. Emil walks up to Valan, resting a hand on the struggling knight’s shoulder. Don’t listen to their tricks, their bile. This is your destiny, embrace it. Grow some courage and seize it. Emil growls as he stares into the hardening eyes of the Aldresian. Emil glances around once more before departing, but he overhears the fallen heir speak once more. I love you brother, no matter what you do. Just know that I always have, and always will. Anger rose in Emil. Reaching the room’s doors, he calls over two Aldresians just arriving on the scene. Kill his family for him if he doesn't do it by morning.
