The Restoration of the Necropolis of Bim Lau, great High Temple and ancient burial complex of the Kings of Bomdan, was a task taken on with great vigor by our late monarch. Seeing the wealth poured into the monumental stonework and delicate architecture as a way to prove his dedication and benevolence to the people of Bomdan, the restoration efforts have seen the damaged edifice rise higher than ever before. Now the Necropolis is once again a place of worship and scholarship, a visible symbol of the unity and peace that now ruled in Rahen and Bomdan. It was our late monarch's wish that they be laid to rest among the ancient kings of the Gleaming Tomb, ever after serving as a symbol for the brotherhood between Raheni and Bom; and with their passage, the day of that burial has come. The day is bright as the funeral procession winds its way through the city streets, the monarch's three thousand bodyguards marching alongside the casket. Made of gold, it is adorned with lotus petals and borne towards the towering tomb by four white elephants. The long path up the temple complex's winding steps is adorned with blazing torches and burning incense. Crowds watch in every available courtyard, children raised upon their parents' shoulders for the chance to glimpse the passage of the dead monarch. Finally the central temple is reached and the sarcophagus lowered. A hundred slaves begin the process of dragging the shining coffin to its designated chamber, and a dozen of the highest-ranking Ministers and Senaptia accompany the dead king deep into the heart of the Necropolis. On a path lit only by flickering torchlight, the monarch's body is taken far below ground to a chamber shared by no other bodies. Here it is set down, once and for all, and the chamber sealed with brick and mortar. But just as the chamber is sealed and the final brick set, a chill wind whistles through the catacomb, where just before the air was still and dead. The faint sound of whispers, the slightest green glow, and a scratching all around at the walls; these things spring to life around the Ministerial party still in the Necropolis, who vacate the tomb in panicked flight.
