The first work of the Ashakani Pentych opens on the young prince Aguntat. A practitioner of traditionalist Rhada throatsinging, he is benignly ignored by his more martial brothers and left to his reading, which he enjoys in the seclusion of the King's compound ("EighthSpare"). Watching from the top of Mt. Tavrap, Art and War squabble comically, serving as our chorus for the play; War has claimed seven of eight brothers for his own, stalwart sons of the King, and Art defends keeping Aguntat to himself ("A Fair Meal").  When the fierce Ashhana warlord Nukhzat masses to the west with his tenthousand ("Consort of Hags"), Aguntat is not even asked if he will join the campaign, to his secret relief ("Vermilion Dye"). Nukhzat meets the forces of Ashakani in battle; he is goaded into acts of bloody barbarity by the whispering hagpresence in his mind ("But One More"). The King and all seven of Aguntat's elder brothers are killed, and Nukhzat surges east through Khagatzir to the very walls of Ashakani ("Biktari Flower").  Aguntat and General Zaz, watching from the Gate of Mercy, commiserate over the losing battle ("The Death of Mercy"). Resigned to defeat, Aguntat, cursing his own cowardice and lack of soldiery, proclaims he will at least lead Ashakani in one last lament for their city, that they may die proud. Aguntat is joined by a young archer Badri ("The Lowest Of Us"), whose blunt honesty and irreverence charm the prince despite himself. A funeral duet between Aguntat and Badri, accompanied by a chorus of soldiers, rings out across the battlefield and stops Nukhzat in his tracks, finally silencing the voice of the hag in his mind ("As Glass"). He drops his shadowed sword and requests parlay.  The oncoming horde is calmed, and Nukhzat and Aguntat retire to Nukhzat's war tent. Surrounding soldiers, Ashhana and Ashakani alike, wonder as a driving rain washes them free of blood ("Clean"). They find notes of commonality, mocking their captains and bemoaning the poor state of their boots ("The Lowest Of Us; Refrain"). When the two leaders finally emerge, they have allied, the city spared and the Ashhana settled in Khagatzir. Art, mocking War, descends to crown Aguntat as King ("Prince of Still Waters").
