The sun peeked through the train window as it began to slow to a stop. "Wake up Sir, we're here." Peyter looked up dazed and confused, he knew the new “Kazdoran Locomotive” that was making global news was a marvel but he hadn't anticipated how quickly they had travelled, the trip from Gaweton to the border station at Balmire took over a week by horse and buggy and he'd only just boarded this mechanical beast 7 or 8 hours ago. Peyter was the newly appointed lead ambassador to Castonath from Gaweton and was sent here to ensure a peaceful relationship between the two nations. Peyter gathered his belongings, disembarked, and got a look at his surroundings. Almost overwhelmed by how different yet familiar the city felt. He was awestruck at the grand architecture combining Dwarf and Human design into one. His personal guard nudged him along down to the main street. The first stop of his visit was the King's Hall while the servants would take his belongings to the embassy. As Peyter walked down the large street he soon found himself in the heart of the city's Grand Bazaar. Carriages carrying boxes of goods being offloaded to market stalls so large and well stocked that they could rival most established businesses back home. He heard the clanging of metal being shaped by worldclass dwarven blacksmiths, the yells of street criers shouting out the names of vendors, halfling farmers peddling their produce to passerbys, and human ranchers selling the finest cuts of meat this empire had to offer. Finally as Peyter approached his destination the street vendors and noise of commerce became distant. The street leading to the hall became lined with statues of no doubt once great Dwarven rulers and warriors of the nation's past, sculpted out of the same fine white stone as the city's walls and gilded in the finest gold. Peyter approached the large doors leading into the hall and was intercepted by a guard, after a brief checking of papers and an investigative eyeing the guard stood back gave a big smile and said "Everything looks good sir, you may enter". Entering the hall was like entering a dwarven hold, high roof with grandiose ornately carved pillars lined the walkway, tables set out on either end of the hall for drinking and feasting, many groups of people from gnomes and dwarves to halflings and humans, even a few elves were talking amongst themselves. As Peyter approached the large and ornate iron throne he noted that it seated the occupant much higher than the people standing in front as they bowed and said their graces to our lord. Quickly, the steward walks between the two. "Sir, these are the diplomats from Gaweton." As our lord sat up in his chair he eyeballed the two men sitting below him and stroked his beard. After a brief moment of silence, our lord came to life. "Welcome friends. I've been anticipating your arrival for days. Come and drink with me. We just got a shipment of the finest Beard Turner from one of the eastern holds." Peyter quickly learned how diplomacy with dwarves is carried out.
