What was once considered merely the demented paranoid ranting of failed explorers succumbing to jungle fever has been proven a terrible reality. Hidden beneath the eternally blooming canopy lies a purulent boil spreading its vile contamination. Yet even such an unimaginably vast servant of the Darkness cannot stand against the concerted might of the faithful. Filled with righteous conviction and grim determination, our Exemplars and the valiant troops under their command have proven time and again that against their ceaseless efforts even a foe of such monstrous proportions cannot prevail. Mile after mile after mile of inhospitable jungle has been cleansed in our inexorable advance, and now we stand at the outskirts of a vast Precursor ruin buried beneath cancerous growths. Here, according to our diviners of the Gabarišin order, the heart of this evil can be found. From this ancient metropolis, it has spread and grown and devoured for century upon century, but no longer. The perimeter has been established, all traps and secret paths accounted for, and The Herald of Vengeance, standing together with the Heralds of Legacy, Flame and Purification and their many acolytes gathered on their phoenix platforms for this occasion, has given the signal to commence the grand cleansing. At first, nothing seemed to happen, the jungle quieting as if holding its collective breath in anticipation. Then the dense cloud cover above the ruins started to glow, first a dull red, then an increasingly radiant color, until the clouds themselves burst open, pierced by incandescent beams of skyfire raining down on the doomed lair of the enemy. The sudden screeches emanating from the jungle depths were soon drowned out by the fiery cataclysm. More and more beams were summoned, until they coalesced into a vast pillar of pure blindingly bright light that vaporized anything and everything in its path down to the bedrock. After a seeming eternity, the light retreated back skywards, leaving a broad expanse of clear blue sky behind. And on the ground, slowly evaporating steam clouds revealed a massive crater where once the ruined city stood. The ground had turned to glass, and only the most sturdy of precursor buildings were left standing, bleached to a shining white color. As the first hesitant jubilations sounded across the crater, it was as if a vast burden was lifted from our shoulders. We had fulfilled our sacred duty; surely even this most vile servant of the Dark could not survive such a glorious manifestation of Surael’s Light.
