Grgh, this is hopeless. For all we know, his bloody corpse has already been torn apart by the wolves. Neevnûz shouted, before splatting onto the wet ground. Around her lay dozens of corpses of humans and orks alike. The sound of high-pitched squeals, crunching, and grinding of bones being carved fill the otherwise tranquil swamp. Azukor responded, his face stoic as he spoke, steadily identifying more corpses. “Be resilient, my kin. There are only so many bodies and so much swampland; we will find him eventually. You may take a break if you’d like; you’ve done well.” “I’m tired of it all, tired of this passivity, tired of this accursed swamp and these puke green mosquito bites. I do not desire rest; I desire battle, Azukor, I desire to fight and die besides the Dookanson, not to some lowly disease.” Neevnûz barked in response, eyebrows furrowing at the young chieftain, as if threatening to challenge him. “I understand, Neevnûz. But the Dookanson does not require our assistance; he has probably beaten the adventurers at Castonath and is marching back west as we speak. So,” Before Azukor could finish his sentence, another group of orks on wargback, decorated with green warpaint, approached, emanating a clearly hostile aura reminding him of the Venomtooth clan. “The hell are you freaks doing in my swamp? This is what your lot have been doing instead of fighting in Castonath? Cowering and playing with dead muddy bodies?” A tall and lean female ork shouted in anger and mockery with a glare of disgust. “No, Aâdga. We simply are searching for my father’s corpse. Surely you did not need our help in Castonath; Dookanson is marching right behind you for the next campaign, is he not?” Azukor responded with a hint of frustration in his tone, yet wished not to escalate. “He’s dead, you tot. All because of you, the clans are scattered and the humans are coming for our heads.” Aâdga shouted angrily, gripping her weapon tightly, restraining herself from the urge to swing it at Azukor’s neck. Azukor was speechless, and so was his entire clan; some showed anger and sorrow while some showed no emotions at all. “Luckily for you, me and my boys need time to recover from battle, unlike you cowards. So tell your goons to pack it up and get out of my swamp, and we’ll settle this another day… Unless you want it to be today; perhaps show us you have some honor left in your veins?”
