Letu’s ankles brushed against the feathery leaves of the lentil bushes; like the flooded fields that flanked the Suran in spring, the lentils formed a vast pond, extending to every horizon until they dissolved into the sands. He had spent his entire life wading among these plants. His family’s farmhouse was the only interruption on the horizon, though from its roof you could just about see the Nawiris’ compound walls.  There was little work left for him. His sisters and mother had left for market, and his father was out somewhere in the village, likely drinking. Instead, Letu lay down in one of the furrows between the neatly planted bushes and felt the familiar pulse, the network of water in the soil. With the instinctual selfpreservation of youth, he had known that it was imperative not to tell anyone about the pulse; it was alien, and corresponded not at all to anything his parents had ever said.  Instead, he had nurtured his little secret, and every time he lay here, he urged the water through its million veins, as if the whole field were one organ, one body. He could spend whole afternoons at this; it was like being on the edge of the crowd at solstice, tipsy and euphoric. It was as though every plant had a mind, or something like a mind. A few weeks ago, four yearold Yami Nawiri had trodden through the lentils and crushed one of the bushes, and for a second Letu had thought he might kill her.  So lost was he in the great lentil network beneath the soil that he entirely ignored the beating of wings, the soft thump as the harpy landed. He heard it, of course, but such things seemed irrelevant.  "You’re not subtle," said the harpy. When Letu opened his eyes, he saw she was holding a great quarterstaff. He had never seen a harpy before; he had imagined them shorter somehow, or squat like crows. He retracted himself from the lentil mind and regarded her.  "Not subtle with what?" he asked. He noticed the tension in the harpy’s body, coiled yet idle, like an angry drunk.  "Your magic," said the harpy, staring, and in a moment Letu’s life was changed.
