The tavern in the capital was loud, which was very fortunate indeed, as Captain Brannick did not believe in speaking quietly. His burly hands slammed a dagger onto the map of the Ruined Sea, tainted with droplets of rum that spilled from his beard. “Eight landlubbers want us hanged, shot, or publicly dissected. That’s something I can get behind,” he said, taking another golden crown from the small chest below his feet, tossing it to the bartender and turning to Captain Cara sitting just across the table. “We’re starting to gain a name for ourselves, don’t we, love?” Cara swirled her rum, leaned back, boots on the table and smirked. “Eight flags angry, coffers heavy, but you seem to not be satisfied Brannick? Why do those bushy brows of yours permanently frown, even in the face of success?” “Aye, it’s a success,” he admitted. “But it’s a small success. We raid, we run, we patch the hull with whatever remains after a cannonade and then we go off on our merry way, some treasure in pockets, some treasure buried in the sand, waiting for better days. We’re a nuisance.” Cara raised her brow. “A profitable nuisance.” To which Brannick quickly responded, “But only a nuisance. Well… That is unless the monarch moves their arse and proposes something a bit… bigger.” The woman smirked again, rolling one of the freshly stolen coins in her knuckles. “So you suggest we stop thinking small… we reinvest like some proper landowners? My, my, didn’t take you for a responsible man, Brannick.” Brannick, visibly pleased with himself, opened his mouth, displaying his holeridden teeth. “I’ve learned over the years, laddie.” He swung his tankard and downed what was left in it in one pull. “To expansion.” Cara followed suit, exclaiming, “And to pissing off at least four more landlubbers before the year’s out.” Yet this shout was lost in the sounds of frantic yet purposeful activity emanating from the outside, for the docks were already being filled with salvaged timber and captured cannons, ready to be turned into new corsair vessels.
