Orlghelovar has been reborn anew, and our people are emboldened by our success over the hoardcursed who had slowly come to control most of our nation. Already, there are calls for even more sweeping reforms to workers rights; particularly within the glass industry, as it is both our most important and most venerated profession. With the assistance of Orlghelovar's gnomish scientists and finest advisors, we have distilled all of the research we previously conducted into Halann's glassworks and the lessons learnt from the hoardcurse into the most ambitious set of reforms ever attempted in our nation.  Firstly, the glass industry will no longer be controlled by a select few. As a cornerstone of our economy, society, and culture, it is essential to Orlghelovar, and thus will be nationalised and completely owned by our administration. No longer will profits be syphoned into the pockets of the owners at the expense of the common worker. All profits from glass will be fed back into the state to fund our projects directly, and workers will receive a proportional and untaxed share of these profits, ensuring they are both incentivised to and can benefit from increased production. With the corrupt owners gone, we can standardise glass production, allowing many of the unreasonable standards and targets for glassworks to be lifted. We must be careful to prevent our workers falling into repetitive dullness, and so we will also allow the glassworkers more personal freedom to choose how and what glass they produce, so long as it meets our quality standards.  We will also foster a combination of both competition and cooperation in our workers. We will greatly incentivise the sharing of knowledge between glassworks, and sponsor artisans to lead regular workshops for our glassworkers to improve their craft. We will make leading positions within glassworks only available to those who can win a majority vote of confidence from the workers. This will both improve cohesion in the glassworks and foster healthy competition between individual workers, which will drive them to produce glass of yet greater quality.  As expected, these proposals are vehemently opposed by those they aim to deprive of power; a small but extremely influential cabal of top glasswork owners and traders who our people have dubbed the "glasslords". Despite the reforms instituted in Orlghelovar to crush monopolies and remove corruption, many of them maintained most of their power and influence by utilising their position as leaders in our foremost industry. As is common within the upper circles of dwarf kind, they are motivated only by greed and abhor change in any form. Already we have seen threats both economic and violent in nature as a response, and as we move forward with these reforms they will only grow bolder. Many within our nation feel that armed rebellion is an inevitability, and that the only question is when they will make their move. Our citizens have already seen the destructive effects of infighting and tire of conflict between our brethren. Thus, we must be prepared to swiftly crush any such attempts by the glasslords maintain the stability of our nation.
