Something dark was growing within the domain. Something restless. They had been walking these passages for months, outrunning the inevitable, but Eledas had been right. They could not keep retreating into the caves like cornered rats. He stopped abruptly. There was no exit. The way they had entered had been closed long, long ago. "Enough," he muttered, voice low but hard with determination. He unslung the bulky contraption strapped to his back. "What do you mean, 'enough'?" Dominic asked, wiping his brow. "We have to keep moving, domain. We cannot just stop. Not here. Not now." Royan began assembling something neither of his companions had seen before. A patchwork of brass, iron, and steam valves hissed to life in his grip, intricate gears clicking into place. "I am not running anymore." The gnome growled, adjusting a few dials. "I am done with this. Done wandering these cursed tunnels, waiting to die. I am bringing the fight to them." Kalas stepped forward, concern etched on his face. "What are you talking about? We need to stick together. We cannot just..." "No," Royan cut him off. "Together is not enough anymore. Eledas is dead. Reinia is dead. Arianne sacrificed herself so we could keep crawling around like cowards in these damned caves. But not anymore. Not me." He stopped, breathing deeply, before turning to face his companions. "You two need to go. Get out of here, maybe through one of the caves. Find the surface, and warn the others. But I am not going to run anymore." Dominic's breath caught in his throat. He exchanged a look with his partner, but there was nothing more to say. They moved slowly at first, glancing back at Royan's small figure silhouetted against the tunnel's darkness, steam rising from the weapon in his hands. As they turned the corner and left Royan behind, a low, mechanical hum filled the air, followed by a sharp click. Alone in the darkness, the gnome watched the shadows creep closer, pulse quickening. "Come on, then," he muttered under his breath.
