The soldiers found Varlengeilt in his elven form, lounging on a plush bed, eating blackberries. He waved a hand and stopped them in their tracks. "Please, let us not make this violent. I think there has been more than enough violence today." The captain of the regiment strode forward. "Heretical beast, we demand your surrender. The city has been captured." The dragon cocked his head quizzically, then burst out laughing. "Surrender? You want me to surrender?" He looked around the room at an imagined audience, still not moving from his reclined position. "Do you know who I am? Does the word dragon mean nothing to you? If I wanted to leave, I would be gone like that," he said, snapping his fingers. "Wings make escaping quite easy, you see." He delicately placed another berry onto his tongue. "Mmm. Delicious. Would you like one?" The captain stood silent, before the doors to the chamber swung open. Varlengeilt turned his head to glance at the newcomer, as the Amber Princess flowed into the room, her orange hair billowing in an unseen breeze, her eyes crackling with magic. "Do I know you?" he said. "Oh, are you the archfey storming my city and slaughtering my followers? Tsk tsk, such a naughty woman…" The Amber Princess stopped in the middle of the room. She didn’t move, but the building began to shake nonetheless. "Now, now, there’s no need for all this," Varlen began, before dust began to fall from the ceiling. "I see. Well. I certainly don’t need to be around for this." He calmly got out of his plush bed. "Enjoy the city as best you can; my followers won’t make it easy." He roared, arched his back, and began to transform. His body began to contort, to grow, as wings sprouted from his back and his arms grew into mighty claws. A great explosion shook the palace then, and smoke billowed over the soldiers. The Amber Princess flicked her wrist out towards Varlengeilt, and a shrill screech was heard from within the smoke cloud. A dark shape flew upwards, careened sideways, and smashed through the wall of the building. By the time the smoke cleared, the dragon was gone. The soldiers looked to the Amber Princess, but she was as stonefaced as ever.
