What is this feeling, more than anything? It is precarity. The Coven is broken. Hireet is dead. The Shadowroot Matriarch, so terrible and so beautiful, pulses at the heart of the Vile One’s arcane lattice, her continental self. She is powerful, the most powerful being on Halann. But so many dead things have said the same at one time or another. She gathers her friends. Fogtouched Umorozi stands sentinel; Ikomeye picks at a scab on her leg; Cheni nibbles at grapes. There is so much she wants to say. So much she has thought about. “There is no permanence to what we have done,” she confesses; these are the only people in the world to whom she could admit this. “My Granny, she is,” “Wily,” says Ikomeye, nodding, not looking up from her scab. “Dangerous,” agrees Umorozi. The Vile One exhales, her smile small and relieved. “Nobody can hide as she does, do you understand? Her Coven is gone, but she thinks in millennia. And it need not even be her. How many times in the history of Halann have new things emerged, unprecedented things? Things which will try to mangle this plane as she did. The world... it trends towards disunity, entropy, strife. It is not... it’s not,” “A lattice?” Cheni offers, amused. And then she knows; she sees Cheni does, too. “Is it even possible?” the Vile One says, softly. “On such a scale? Is it wise?” She is surprised to see the vehemence in Cheni’s face. “It is the next step,” he says, fervently. “It is ascension.” “What are you two on about?” Umorozi barks. Ikomeye’s face is sour. She has understood, and she dislikes it. She has tolerated the bond they all have, the near-permanent lattice that allows them to communicate, to coordinate. But to open oneself up as in a mass ritual? Emotion passes both ways, always; true privacy, the kind that Ikomeye craves in her quiet places, is impossible. “A lattice of the whole world,” The Vile One says, finally. “Every soul, connected. No subversion, no quiet cancer at the fringe. Everyone together, safe; nobody abandoned, left to fester.” Ikomeye looks up at that, a strange expression on her face.
