Our conquest of Corvuria was swift and brutal. Countless Corvurian hosts descended on our shining armies and we banished them back to their fallow fields. The assault on Arca Corvur was a struggle, a knife fight in a dark alley by the time we breached the city walls. The ruler of Corvuria was found in their throne room, weak and devoid of any self thought with pallid skin. Our research leads us to believe the ruler became a thrall of some sort, hypnotized in a way by dark forces. They perished days later as we took control over the countryside. A week after our victory was when the real battle began. A powerful vampire attempted to ambush the Grandmaster with a full retinue of thralls. Our forces were nearly massacred before a powerful adventurer, a gnomish war cleric by the name of Lexos, arrived and rallied our forces. With the Grandmaster personally leading our forces, and War Cleric Lexos focusing on the vampire, the fiend’s retinue was shattered and the vampire captured. The following interrogation was startling to say the least. Lexos peeked into the metal slit with intrigue. Four Aldresian Knights, each with their gunblades pointed at the chained pale humanoid calmly sitting. It had come within a hair’s breadth of the Grandmaster’s throat, slaying a dozen of his personal guard in seconds. If Lexos didn’t cast his banishment in time, they wouldn’t be here. The Aldresian knight assigned to him asked, “Cleric, are you ready?” Lexos contemplated how he’d go about this interrogation. He was no stranger to combat but actual torture? Well, it was unseemly, or perhaps no, that would be too ludicrous. Would it? An hour later, the War Cleric arrived with a plate full of pasta, entering the room and sitting across from the Vampire as the gnome slowly ate the pasta. “The Umbral King…” The vampire finally spoke, unamused. “Has had his fair share of fools to suffer. First, ungrateful subjects bend the knee to him. And now, naïve children like you. He is the night, and it will soon fall all over Cannor.” “Fine, radiant hammer it is,” War Cleric Lexos sighed with a mouthful of garlic pasta.
