Summons were sent out to his sons for a grand banquet in a domain, a final farewell. Sang was nearly eighty-one, after all; the end of his natural life would soon come to pass. His sons would wish to see him one last time, arriving from the south, the west, and the north. The eldest had sought the Dread Pirate Ping Shuang’s favor and the release of his former domain, the grand trading city of Cây Cam Sinh. Sang did not expect success in this endeavor, and unsurprisingly, it seemed as though his eldest son had made little progress. The middle son had been sent to the west to reinforce the empire’s ties with its Gon subjects, regularly attending audiences and banquets with the noble warlord Kha Cham Lekhot and his retinue. Again, little progress was expected in these endeavors, yet the man came to the banquet with childlike wonder, discussing tales of new friendships, strengthened alliances, and a new age for Baihon Xinh. If only Sang could believe such words. The youngest son, and the most dear child to Sang, arrived from his post to the north, governing the Phonan lands surrounding the temple complex dotting the plains of Xa Vaung. At first glance, Sang’s son seemed different, somehow changed. He neglected to wear traditional Kai garb, instead opting for a gown more commonly seen in the lands of Bomdan. What began as pleasantries quickly devolved into bickering, then outright argument. It quickly became clear to Sang that his family had withered into a husk of its former self. Sang quickly excused himself, unable to deliver the righteous punishment of betrayal firsthand. Yet the screams he heard would not soon leave his mind. Addled and bereaved, but not yet broken, Sang communed with his most loyal mystics. He needed more time—far, far more time. Incense was lit, his body and spirit were ritualistically cleansed, and thus came the final step. He had his mystics leave him, for he wished to be with his family for but a moment. Staring at a portrait of his united family, he gripped the dagger that had been gifted to him by his late wife. And without a moment’s hesitation, he plunged the dagger into his abdomen, disemboweling himself. As his mind drifted into the dark, a quiet corner of his mind halfwished to wake up amidst the spirits of his slain kin, to be reunited at last.
