What began as a simple curiosity has turned into a fiery debate that threatens to tear our realm apart at the very seams. The gnolls of Haraagtseda seem to be genuinely willing to embrace Surael’s light, and they have won over the hearts of many in their quest for recognition. The Order of the Zenith, meanwhile, retains their stance that all gnolls are inherently evil and should be indiscriminately cleansed from Surael’s Garden. Gnollfriendly priests—many of whom hold great sway over our government—lift the Haraagtsedi up as examples of true devotion, a people who have overcome their monstrous nature through the mercy of Surael in order to serve Him. But there are still many who still feel the wounds the slaves of the Malevolent Dark once inflicted upon us, and they are not willing to trust a gnoll so easily. Across the domain, people take to the streets and demand an immediate answer to this gnollish question. In fact, we already have an answer of sorts. The Order has brought the issue up in front of the religious court of the domain. After weeks of debate, the religious court decided by a margin of only a single vote that Surael is willing to accept any convert, gnoll or otherwise. The Order is, of course, refusing to accept this verdict. They now argue that allowing a monstrous populace to reside within our borders is a matter of civil security, not a religious issue. As such, they now demand the case be retried in front of the civil court, where they would almost certainly win due to the influence the Order holds over civil affairs. We could easily put a stop to this ploy, but the Elatšari have privately mentioned to the realm that the gnolls’ expulsion would allow us to justifiably plunder the city of Haraagtseda—something that could prove a significant boon to our treasury. There is also the concern of keeping the Elatšari themselves happy; no doubt they would take our intervention in this matter as a serious insult. But is it truly Surael’s will to turn our back on those who would pledge themselves to Him?
