Under the guidance of the Enlightened Ten, the administrative advisor was granted a sizable sum and some of our best gnomish scientists to make use of all our recent scientific breakthroughs and discover exactly what glass is. Today, the advisor has presented their findings to the council. The advisor has discovered that there is much more variation in glass than we thought. Although most glass is made of the same primary material, silica, there is great variation in the structure of even visually similar glass. There are also many impurities in the glass we produce, even in pieces we thought to be near perfect. The advisor also studied a range of naturally occurring glass and discovered other similarities, claiming that even volcanic obsidian shares some properties with ordinary glass. With this research, the advisor has made several breakthroughs that will directly affect how we produce glass. In the advisor's study of silica, the advisor determined that different types of sand will produce different glass. Many artisans believed that any sand could be used to produce identical glass with varying effort, and thus no provisions were made to standardise what sand is used in our glassworks. Upon analysing sand from Bahar and from the Dames head, the advisor discovered that though they are both comprised mostly of silica they each have different levels of impurities that cannot be removed by simple sifting and filtering; these are the cause of much of the variation between regional glass. The advisor also identified some inexpensive materials which can be added while heating to remove many of these impurities, as well as some that improve other properties like tensile strength or corrosion resistance. With this revelation we can produce better specialised glass for different uses; no longer will we use the same method to produce glass for a window and glass for a heating flask. The advisor also examined the processes used in our glassworks with their new knowledge of the structure of glass. Ordinarily, glassworkers lay molten glass to cool on great sheets of solid iron. Glass cooled this way is often uneven and always blemishes on the side touching the iron and so must be polished after the cooling is complete, wasting both time and material. On the suggestion of a gnomish scientist with experience in metallurgy, the advisor devised a new method where molten glass "floats" upon a bed of molten metal to cool. If the metal chosen is one that will not mix with molten glass, such as tin, then the glass formed will be perfectly smooth and unblemished without any polishing. The advisor has also drawn up a set of quality assurance tests to perform on our glass. These tests are extensive, going beyond the simple hammer and eye methods of our ancestors. In particular, the advisor has devised an ingenious use of polarised light, which will display coloured streaks in any glass with remaining impurities. These tests will ensure our glass is of sufficient quality, but also allow us to quantify exactly what properties our glass has to better market it to our customers.
