It is the beginning of the day of testing, and the LAD "cannon" has been placed along the beach. We have prepared the testing site in the lands outside to avoid damaging our tunnels and holds, in case something were to go awry.  The first prototype of what is to come, it is larger than your usual cannon, comparable to the original LAD, but with an obvious increase in complexity. A dark blue in color, the cannon is placed onto the ground, and drilled in place. The back of the cannon was clear; inside one could see a large piece of Dames tear. Small pieces of glass are placed in the front and back of the device’s barrels and inside, a heavy set of special glass that functions as a gain medium for our cannon. All measures were taken to make sure the cannon would function properly to avoid a crisis.  The beach is still, the waves splash onto the shore and sink back into the water. On the other side of the beach, a small mountainside awaited, a little less than a kilometer away. There were no clouds present. Suddenly, a bright blue laser burst out from the cannon, and beams forward for a split second before immediately dissipating into nothingness. The effects though, they lingered. The waves had receded, the sand had fine pieces of glass in it, and over in the distance, pieces of the mountain looked like they were melting off, causing parts of it to collapse, creating a massive cloud of dust and matter. Most notably of all though; the heat. All around us the heat had risen in the areas that the beam had affected. Scorched and melted lands lay ahead of us. The very moisture on our skin had dissipated into nothingness.  Needless to say, this was beyond what we had expected. We have created something we aren’t sure should even exist. Do our ancestors frown upon us? This will be a weight on us since we are the makers of such a thing. At the "celebration party" a lead scientist on the development of the cannon, declared that it would now be Orlghelovars job and utmost priority to keep this technology from the hands of those willing to use it for evil. The room nodded silently in agreement.
