With a grunt, the monarch throws off their robes, calling for attendants to grab their gear. "I will not stand idly by as the honour of Adenica gets insulted," the monarch says as the stunned onlookers stand with mouths agape. Emotions flit across the Lorentish knight's face; shock, confusion, even fear; before it twists into eagerness. "So, I defeat a ruler today," he boldly states. "Let us prepare, then." Clad in the royal colors of white and blue, the monarch warily surveys their opponent. The handsome knight stood proudly, with the swirl of the Lorentish rose prominent upon his gaudy chestpiece and a massive plume upon his helmet. "That stupid rose will serve as a good target at least," the monarch mutters under their breath. Despite the ostentatious display by the knight, he is clearly quite practiced in the saddle, wielding his long lance expertly as he wheels his horse around the grounds. The shouts of the royal and Lorentish parties became a deafening roar as the ruler and knight ride toward each other at full charge. The monarch's lance barely scrapes the side of the Lorentish knight's plate as his horse turns away at the last second, while the exchange leaves the monarch with a large dent in their armor. Sensing weakness, the Lorentish knight prepares his second charge quickly, speeding up and almost knocking the monarch off their horse with a full-bodied blow right at the location of his first strike. As the knight charges past, however, the monarch steadies their steed and hits the Lorentish knight with a surgical attack at the apex of his turn, knocking both horse and rider off balance. The monarch launches a flurry of attacks, aimed at preventing the knight from recovering. Weakened by the two strong hits the Lorentish knight had already scored, however, the monarch's blows are parried away easily. The opponent slips out of grasp, readying a final assault. This one knocks the monarch off their horse. Throwing his helmet to the ground and with a final, pitying look downward at the monarch, the Lorentish knight raises his lance high in triumph, to the jeers of a hostile crowd.
