Immarel walked through the forest, every step taken with caution. She had received an invitation to come alone, and suspected a trap; but the place was empty. No Peitar or fey to be found. Eventually, she came across a small spring, the water frozen over, the ice possessing a mirror sheen. When she peered within, she found herself no longer alone; an enchantingly beautiful woman, draped in vines and with a crown of rosethorns, stood behind her in the reflection. Her face was locked in a grimace, eyes blazing with rage. Immarel spun around, but instead of the woman she found a hulking beast, with a mask of writhing antlers. She turned back to the pool, as the woman and beast spoke amidst a thousand voices, the trees and leaves and spring and ground chanting, venom on their lips and on the wind. "You destroyer." "You devourer." "You are no elf, but a herald of ruin." "A puppet." "A monster." Immarel flicked her hand up at the pool, her anger flashing, and a spellblast shattered the mirrorsurface; but the voices continued, projected from the woman who now occupied every remnant shard of ice. "The Prince of Frost pulls the strings and you dance." "You break my kin, smother your history." "You scour the land by your grim advance." Immarel spun to face the antlered fey as the voices attacked her, raising a hand again and firing away, a cataclysmic blast of cold fire laying waste to all in front of her, scorching the very earth; but from the ashes of her attack rose into the sky a thousand wasps and flies and grimflyingthings, all of whom, each in sharp distinction, joined their voices to the brilliant chorus. "Eternity is a fool's game; we await your fall with bated breath." "A curse on you, O' Mistress of the Domain." "Lady of Winter." "You are nothing but a Mother of Death." As a million daggers of tongue and truth danced and carved bloodwords into her mind, the ruler of the north fell to her knees, clutching her head and crying out in terror and pain and grief and regret and cruel knowing. And then, all at once, the voices ceased, and the forest was at peace. For hours, Immarel knelt on the ground, arms out to stop herself from collapsing, head downcast, as the ruin of her madness scorched the forest around her. Tears and sweat wet her face as she breathed hard, shaking uncontrollably, the terror lingering beyond the ordeal's end. Her eyes were locked wide, pupils constricted to pinpricks. It would be a full day before she returned to her people, a pale look on her face, and fear and discontent simmering in her eyes. From that day forward, there were no more Peitar raids or feyborne calamities in the Domain; but Immarel never forgot the fear, the voices, the pain. And within her heart, she feared that they would not allow her to.
