Sitting on the throne in the Jade capital of the East, the ruler listens to the sounds of imperial Grônstunad, which has grown to a size unrivalled among other dwarven holds. The throne room they occupy is filled with treasures of all kinds. masterfully crafted dwarven armour, many swords, hand axes and even guns. Running to the High Lord’s feet is a silken carpet of great quality, embroidered with golden thread. Everything is gathered in their domain. In the east the sounds of foundries sound like a hum of horns, workers smelting down each and every precious ore which is gathered throughout the mountain. Those ores are brought from across the Empire by a rail system which exceeds even the original left here for them by their ancestors. They hear the steam engines making their way through the city on those very rails, smell the sweet smoke coming from their chimneys; for a moment they think there might be a little too much smoke, but come to the conclusion it's nothing a dwarf cannot withstand. To the west they can hear the smithies hammering away, capable of producing hundreds of suits of shining armor a day. The commander can hear the striking of metal on metal and smell the gunpowder as the Grônstunad Vanguard relentlessly train, working off their rust with discipline and determination. The commander hears the drillmasters shouting, their tactics devised in such a way that every single dwarf recruited from the Jade Empire's other holds fits perfectly into the army structure and compliments the others. After listening to the sweet sounds of their empire running like a welloiled machine, the ruler steps into the hall of government. The commander is swarmed by their advisors, each offering details of newly launched mining operations or presenting budget reports for those already established. They speak in such detail that they can hear all the prospectors mining through the hard dense rock of the Tree of Stone and Jade Mines. The commander can hear their cheers when they run into a vein and they can taste the beer they drink after another day working in our glorious empire. The advisors don’t stop there. they tell them how the forges in Ovdal Kanzad, Grôzumdihr, OvdalazÂn, and HulAzKrakazol are strained to full capacity and will need an expansion; the ruler writes out a decree, and the responsible advisors make haste to fulfill it. The last report to the ruler is that the processing of raw materials is exceeding demand; that outgoing trade routes are needed to the kingdoms of Rahen under our rule. The High Lord writes another decree and dismisses the last few remaining officials. The commander returns to their throne to listen to the sweet sounds of industry resounding across their realm.
