Dare you step aboard the newest Zongminclass airship, launching today from the Shuimu workshops? Be warned, your feet may not touch ground for months. But come now, see the world, through a Feiten jellyfish's eyes.  The flight over Yanshen is the most familiar, but often the most chaotic; constant messenger hawks exchange letters between skyships and skyposts, and the risk of a midair collision is real. The Xianjie's mists preclude any interesting observations, and it is not until Rahen that one can truly admire the vista below, picking out the most impressive High Temple complexes.  The Marutha's warm updrafts will propel you over the Paravimvhata range, and soon you will fly high above Ebbusubtu (and do note, with a smile, that even a place this holy could not deny the utility of having a small skyport nearby). When you arrive in Bulwar and are swarmed by merchants' flying carpets offering wares from a thousand bazaars, conceal any disdain at their inferior craft; there is no need to be impolite.  The Divenhal is beautiful, the sunlight warm and a sparkling blue blanket below, but do not lose your edge. You will need all your wits about you when you dock in Anbenncost, and trade for the Dragon Coast's newest gadgets and Konwell's most erudite publications. If you take aboard a blackrobed Rector, well, consider it an honour (one that should instantly sober you up).  Then it is west, ever west. You will cross to Aelantier in a matter of weeks (much improved from the elves' millennium), and if you look closely, you can see the Ruinrim's outline in the ocean's patterns. Each skyport here is different, from the Triarchy's newfangled designs to the bizarre array in Kheionai (no Kheion would go without.). But most importantly, do little but concrete business at the Eordan skyport; the various faiths may be united in their appreciation of Feiten's commerce, but wage brutal political war to determine who has access and control. Make no promises, no allies, and no enemies.  Do you grow weary? Good, riding the Great Storm's outskirts should shake you awake as it speeds you on your way. And then, when you see balloons in the distance, where balloons have floated for centuries, but now fly and soar to heights once unimaginable; then, you will know you are home.
