Standing on the shores of the Ynn, the men dip their feet into the cold stream. They then start the washing ritual, mouths and nose first, then head, neck and ears and finally their arms, legs and feet. All in one continuous motion, all while a priest recites a prayer.  It was a strange request, to first be blessed by the river before being allowed to visit the holy city, but as explorers and men of science, they agreed. The Ynn Worshippers believe that all who visit Abrabovhi, must first be ritually cleansed and blessed by the river itself. If one cannot perform the ritual themselves, one must help them and if one cannot or refuses to complete it, then they will not be allowed into the city. At the gates of the city, each must wash themselves with water from the river, after which a priest will give them a token to show that they have completed the ritual.  The exploration party under Adelar Longstaff proceeded into the city, which was unusually clean. The streets were constantly cleansed with water and soap. The sale of food and drinks outside was strictly forbidden and most people walked barefoot on the cobblestones of the main promenade leading to the paramount temple. The city itself was built as a planned city. The shape of a semicircle, with the flat end on the riverbanks and the Great Dam in the middle. Almost the entire riverbank was filled with temples and shrines, the Paramount Temple in the upper north, and the ‘funerary harbor’ as it was called on the southern end. All neighborhoods had a specific purpose, from the sale and production of food to the creation of religious artifacts. All was planned out and placed alongside large promenades filled with trees, flowerbeds and poles with burning incense, giving the city an almost divine smell.  Approaching the Paramount Temple, they were welcomed by a priest and a magistrate, who proceeded to give them a tour of the temple and the adjacent administrative park, from which the religious affairs of the Southern Ynn were managed. The expedition party was profoundly impressed by the rituals and management of the city, especially as most came either from dusty Plumstead towns or crammed and ‘less hygienic’ cities in Cannor. And while most listened to their ‘tour guide’, Adelar began to talk with an old temple cleric who had been following the group. They talked about how the religious practices of the city impacted the daily lives of not only the residents of Abrabovhi, but of the entire Ynn as a whole. How the importance of the river shaped politics and culture in the entire region. Adelar kept asking the old cleric questions about the relation between the people of the Ynn and the waterbound faith, as he had been profoundly fascinated by the local religion, so different as it was in almost all aspects from the Regent Court faith of the old continent. Keeping in touch with the cleric, Adelar would later visit the city again, wanting to find out as much about the local traditions as possible. He was utterly fascinated by the city. This city which was a jewel upon the waters, was always pristinely cared for and cleansed. A Sacred City upon a Sacred River.
