It is always so nice to be in this realm. The people around here love spirits, especially the HuliJing. Nobody around me knows what I really am, but that is fine; seeing their reverence is enough for me, even if I cannot let them direct it towards me. Many of my sisters live with the humans there, too. It is more fun than I would like to admit, trying to pick them out of a crowd. Today, none of them seemed to be around. Oh well. I carefully selected today to visit this realm, because I knew that there would be a festival in town; they had to go through the office of the ruler for approval to be here, which meant I knew about their coming well in advance. So I "retired" from office because I did not want to be there as a head of state and went as a common lady. All of the shrines in this realm mean that there are plenty of shrine maidens to steward them, and when they organize it can lead to events like this, where the Kagura is performed for the crowd. This spirit will enjoy the dance just as much as the mortals around her. I have not gotten a good chance to watch one of these dances in a good while. It is just about to start now, and so I will write to you how I felt watching it. The celebrations lasted all day. They were really nice, too. I should tell you how the dance went, first. in a word, great. It takes a lot of practice to do this dance, switching between low and high energy movements with nothing but skill and some music to guide them. After the dance, I decided to risk my cover to congratulate the maiden who did the dancing. It was a bit hard to find her again, but when I did, I congratulated the young lady on her performance, giving her a small swish of my tail to make sure she knew who was talking to her. Watching the maiden's face light up made my evening. The alcohol afterwards helped as well. While both tipsy and tired, it is hard to write that much down here. I will bid you a good night. If you ever grow legs, diary, you ought to try the mijiu. It is wonderful.
