News flies fast these days, with messages and gossip amplified in their spread by magic and artificery. As such, the ouster of the Castan of Castanor by their very own advisors and troops spreads like so many wildfires through the night, carried through to even the most remote reaches of Escann on magical winds, and then, beyond. And as a thunderstorm follows in the wake of a wildfire, so too do rumours of a peace summit follow the news. Rumours of total capitulation, of a peace summit offered in Castonath, and of the end of the Edhardrachon Uprising.  It is a somber scene in Castonath as the sun sets on the end of the peace summit. Castonath still stands, as it has for millennia, yes, but all around are reminders of yet another war, yet another conflict, yet another mark on its weary surface, only just recovered from the Escanni Wars of Consolidation. A new set of scorch marks to join those made by the Dragonwake, a new collapsed building to join those stripped by the Greentide and destroyed by magefire during the Wars of Consolidation.  But at the least, here was a chance for a reprieve from destruction, a chance to move forward again. Representatives from both factions are present, the energy a mix of disappointment and fear from the Castanorian side, while the Edhardrachon contingent emanated tired victory and satisfaction. The terms were unconditional; the Edhardrachon were to take full control of Castanor. The Trials were to be restored to their original conditions, but with the added stipulation that only those who could prove themselves true descendants of the original Castanites allowed to take them. In practice, this meant that only the patricians could procure candidates, as only they had bothered to keep track throughout the centuries; exactly as they wanted.  Castanor stands united once again, but for how long? The star of the patricians is waxing after centuries of stagnation as they seek to reclaim the legacy and honour of the Castanor of old, but these are new, uncertain times. The patricians can seek to spread the influence of Castanor and its glorious culture once again, but Cannor is not just scattered tribes and uncivilized barbarians anymore. Nonetheless, Castanor stands united, and the world trembles in anticipation.
