Thousands lie dead and our coffers have been drained, all because our worthless nobility couldn’t get a handle on their slaves. The monarch turned to face their tense advisors, who knew any wrong word could get them executed instantly. No, worthless doesn’t even begin to describe how those nobles have acted. The orks can’t help it; they are beasts they act on instinct; but our nobility? Our nobility are living, breathing, thinking beings who apparently have forgotten how to think for themselves. And a human like that is no better than an ork. The monarch’s shouts echoed throughout the empty castle, filling the desolate rooms with life once more. One of the advisors sprung up with an insulted expression. My liege, surely you cannot compare our illustrious aristocrats to a filthy greenskin. That’s preposterous. The young man was interrupted by a half empty bottle of wine flying by his ear, shattering against the wall behind him. Speak again and I’ll have your tongue. the monarch’s voice thundered, the advisor collapsing into his chair almost by reflex. A deathly silence fell upon the table. The monarch sighed. While those morons certainly are capable enough to host feasts, few have proved themselves worthy to command an army. Only those who show competence should have that privilege. The monarch’s advisors nodded in agreement; had it not been for the nobles' ineptitude, the rebellion might have been quenched a lot quicker. The monarch examined the reports on the orkish workforce, swirling the remnants of wine in their cup, then downed the last sip as they discerned that the losses were too high to sustain. Khaara. The monarch shouted, calling for their trusted servant, who hastily entered the chamber. Her old master had been executed at the hands of the orkish rebels. At an auction, the monarch had taken a liking to her unusual brightness, particularly her knowledge of history, honed in the ancient libraries of Castonath. I recall you mentioned a detachment of the Greentide leaving Escann. Remind me, where exactly did those greenskins venture? Khaara dazed, almost dropping the platter in her hand. The Deepwoods, your majesty. she stuttered, scared for all those lives she had just condemned to their deaths, or worse.
