Orlghelovar achieved a reformation in their government. It is now a mercantile government, focused on science while keeping true to their roots in trading and glass. Their merchants act as spies and traders, the markets as valuable targets for new inventions and the other scientific races, especially gnomes, as partners and rivals. Some dwarves among the residents of Orlghelovar are old enough to have witnessed the original refounding of the hold. To have seen those early, tentative steps firsthand. entering through the old, longbroken gate; the crunch of shards of broken glass beneath ironcapped boots; the murmur of some errant orkish warband or the gurgling of stillflowing cisterns the only sounds to break the tomblike silence. We have come so far since those days. The empty halls of Orlghelovar now brim with life, the voices and music and hammering of a hundred thousand citizens, a panoply of colors from the stainedglass windows of the hold and the dazzling array of imported dyes and silks. It is not enough. The old hold of Orlghelovar was wealthy, too, and this did not save it from the orks. The world is changing faster than ever before. the refounding of the old dwarf holds; the mad rush westward, to the lost continent of the elves; the new faith of the Jadd shaking eastern Bulwar. We have only come this far by our willingness to learn. We restarted the glassforges and relearned and improved upon the science of old Orlghelovar; our growing relationship with the gnomish communities in Cannor are ample evidence of the benefits of state investment into artificery and science. If we are to keep ahead of the tides of history, we must not stop here. By fully integrating our guilds’ existing industrial research into the state, we can form a new kind of government. not a technocracy dedicated solely to science, but a perfect harmony of science and commerce, each aiding in the advancement of the other. Our merchants will seek out knowledge and opportunities in foreign markets, and our scientists will seek out ever greater applications for our industrial discoveries, in homes, battlefields, and workshops alike. The future is crystal clear.
