In the chaos of the Serpent's Rot, we abandoned our scientific principles. Instead of conducting repeatable experiments and clinical trials of possible cures, we believed in every kind of halfbaked idea and desperate theory. We had no infrastructure to deal with the masses of victims, no way to track the spread of the disease accurately, and worst of all, nobody to analyze why the rot spread so swiftly and so destructively. The devastation wrought by the Serpent's Rot cannot be allowed to reoccur; we must be better than this. That is why today the Enlightened Ten have announced plans for a new and innovative project taking place in Argôrdstun. the construction of a dedicated Centre of Dwarven Medicine. Once complete, the finest medical scientists, alchemists, and doctors in Orlghelovar will be relocated to positions inside the new facility and put to work immediately. Their first task will be to determine what caused the Serpent's Rot, and their next task will be to prevent it ever happening again. In the future, the facility will serve to research all diseases and ailments, new and old, that may affect dwarfkind. Although we have made many advances in other fields, a unified and scientific theory that explains why we suffer from diseases and infections still eludes us. It is the hope of the Enlightened Ten that this investigation into the Serpent's Rot will provide the foundation for just such a theory, and that eventually we may eliminate the threat of disease altogether. To begin our investigation into the Rot, we will need the Centre of Dwarven Medicine to be fully operational and access to the Serpent's Cave. As far as we know, the Rot began from the cave; the progenitor of the Rot may still be present, whether it is magical or mundane. The prime suspect is that for which the rot was named, the Serpent's corpse lying at the bottom of the cave, but we cannot jump to conclusions yet. Once our scientists have examined the area and taken samples from the cave and the serpent itself, the great investigation will commence. In parallel with the investigation into the Serpent's Cave, the Enlightened Ten have greenlit a knowledge gathering operation to determine if any other nation has made progress in the study of diseases. A delegation of doctors will travel around Halann, searching to see if any other nation has made progress in the study of diseases.
