The legacy of Karqaslu had been reclaimed, yet our pride still remains at the bottom of the ocean held in perpetuity by those wretched creatures; the Sea Devils. Fortunately for Karqaslu, Blood feuds are Kar Alusir’s specialty and as a result he has been planning to strike back at the sea devils for months.  Knowing that kinetic weaponry would tumble and rapidly decelerate in water, Kar Alusir had made it clear any attack on the sea devils required specialised spells. As such while the army created testing pools multiple kilometres deep, every able bodied mage in Karqaslu gathered to discuss how they could strike deep into the ocean. While lightning and poison were popular at first, testing revealed that their effective reach was more limited than first thought. After many more weeks of testing and debate, anything short of summoning the largest Dames tear meteor Bulwar had ever seen seemed to be an impractical option.  And so that’s what they began to plan – but as all other options were being weeded out, a dwarven fire mage called Lubod Firebeard proposed a radical solution; burning all the oxygen in the water. Apparently Lubod Firebeard had cleared vast sections of the Serpentspine of goblins and orks by depriving them of oxygen – he believed that with some tweaking a spell to burn the oxygen in the water could be devised.  While the less experienced mages manned the forts in case the ritual backfired, the experienced mages manned the various magical installations channelling their magic into the ritual instruments. As the day went by a haze appeared above the ocean, while steam began to rise from the surface. The ocean slowly began to turn first yellow, then a vibrant orange, and finally a fiery red; almost as if the whole ocean had caught fire. For the next couple hours the horizon remained a brilliant red, as thousands of fish carcasses rose to the surface. Common fish carcasses were all that rose, however – by the end of the day it seemed that all that was accomplished was the destruction of the local ecosystems and reclamation of Karqaslu’s damaged pride.
