It all started with a drunken bet, you see. Zedekiah GyroWheels bet his buddy Isaac over there; the one with the modular arms; that he couldn’t outrace him on his hands while Ol’ Zed used his wheels. No, not the one with the cannon on top of his head. The other one. That was yesterday. It was a whole event in that tavern; they had to run the rum transporters out to the testing tracks because so many people wanted to watch. The modular seating went up to the third floor, so of course the rum had to go up there too. It was a drunken mess; me and my mates were in the nosebleeds. Some jokers were pouring blastoil down from the top deck of the part shops, swabbies off the relic trade were shooting off their finger guns; no, of course not. They had guns for fingers. Not that stupid thing you do with the pointing. But I’m getting off track. Anyway, the two of them got one of those guys with the laser eyepatches to serve as starter. So he shot his eye off, and it went far off into the distance and hit the farthest wall. Must have loosened a bolt or something. The two of them were off like shots. Zed had the distance for a while; he didn’t tell his buddy, but he had gotten a tuneup at that place on the seventh floor. Yeah, the one with the nitrous. Guess he really wanted those twenty crowns. But then, Isaac realized something; Zed never told him he had to walk on his hands. So he swapped out those arcane propulsors for the grappling hook attachment, and he swung his way up into the rafters. Let me tell you, the crowd ate that one up. So now Zed’s on the ground and he’s speeding along, and Isaac’s swinging up in the top, and they’re both barrelling towards the finish line by the back. But the finish line is getting closer, and neither of them’s slowing down, and now the crowd’s getting worried. I think they realized the problem at the same time thereabouts. Zed was trying to brake, but that place on the seventh floor was never very good at those, and he was leaking brake fluid. And Isaac had hit his last rafter, and he was trying to switch out the grappling hooks for the suction cups, but he hit the propulsors again instead. Don’t know why he still had those loaded. And everyone was looking at each other; and then they both slammed into the wall. Anyway, that’s why the back wall of the Yards isn’t there anymore.
