The Exemplar commander stepped forwards, put his arm out. “Not another step.” The Oren Nayiru’s High Kavalal scoffed in response. “Or what?” They were both covered in blood, scrapes, bruises – the entrance to the surrendered city’s citadel sat behind them, to the mines, where so many slaves had perished, to the population, sheltering from recrimination. The Exemplars would not harm them. But for the Oren Nayiru, “we have a right to justice. To deal unto them what they have done to us.” The commander grimaced. “That is not justice, Kavalal. That is revenge. All to suit your own desires– not do what is right.” The Kavalal put a hand on his hilt. “Our own desires? Is that what you say? We have shed just as much blood as you have to take this city– and for a century before that, our blood has been shed by the ruler’s hands. But, oh, back in Bulwar I am sure that you all make nice when murder is done– sweet words and reconciliations. But you are not in Bulwar anymore– here, we do not forgive so easily.” The Vaikazelhi officer to the commander’s side stepped forwards, enraged. “Do not presume, brigand–. We know the pain just as well as you do. But we will never give in to the dark impulses of our forefathers.” Then the Kavalal really did draw his sword – as did the Oren Nayiru behind him. “Dark impulse? This is not impulse, you treacherous hound– this is the decree of the righteous. Eat well through tyranny’s sword, and die by liberty’s. We are Taychendi. We do not shy away from rising to what must be done.” But at last, the Herald arrived – cut through the debate, with reinforcements and judgment’s voice. “And must this be done?” The ruler turned to the commander, “What happened, general?” “They want to storm the citadel– put those within to slaughter.” The Herald looked to the Oren Nayiru – all bloody, exhausted, wounded. They had lost many in the assault, fought with such ferocity… and would not take kindly to being denied. It would be difficult… but rising to do what must be done was not a Taychendi value alone.
