The revelation that Castan Beastbane was alive sent shockwaves across the realm. The furor over his legacy had only just started to die down, and this threatened to reignite the controversy. What was he doing in the shadow plane? Was he dead? Whose grave was found at Esuvrem? These questions couldn’t be left unanswered, so a second expedition entered the shadow plane, retracing the steps to the Castanorian camp. Fewer nonhumans went this time, and kept a distance away from the camp, prepared to rush in should the situation get violent. The second attempt at diplomacy started well. Castan sat back while his second in command, a man by the name of Dostor, spoke to the expedition about the dangers to look out for when traversing the shadow plane. His language grew more colourful as he spoke, becoming more animated, evidently delighted at the opportunity to speak to someone other than the small band of men that made up the last members of Beastbane’s Legion. “The Red Reapers are not a threat. Sure they can rip your soul from your flesh in a flash, but they are far too busy with their own business to bother with a mortal like yourself. If you get in their way though, they will hunt you down like harpies after the one man who bathes.” He tipped his head back and barked out a laugh, before catching himself and shooting a look over at the various nonhuman soldiers standing some distance away. The awkwardly long silence was eventually broken by Castan. “In Bulwar we found so many villages whose entire fit male population had been taken by harpies. Husbands and sons taken. Mothers left to try care not just for their children, but for the elderly men who the beasts had no interest in. Many of the towns were completely empty. We never knew if they had fled after their men were taken by harpies, or the gnolls had simply murdered them all. This is the fate of all who live alongside beasts. You consider those monsters your allies? To them, you are their playthings, and they will dispose of you when they tire.”
