In his office at the Centre of Dwarven Medicine, Norimbur Glassbeard muses on diseases under candlelight. Covering the walls and floor around him are sketches of his microscopic observations and jars of various jellies and liquids perch precariously on stone shelves. On his desk sits a response from the Enlightened Ten regarding his theory of disease. He posited the Rot was caused by the tiny rods he observed, which he named blothgoblins for their rapid breeding and movement, desire to invade places they shouldn't be in, and most of all for their tendency to kill dwarves. The council agreed he had discovered an organism of great interest, but thought he did not successfully prove these had caused the Rot. Indeed, though he had found similar organisms he had not been able to find these specific blothgoblins in any living dwarf, as all who had the rot were either dead and burned or wholly cured. His attempts to find acceptance for his theory outside of his domain were even less successful, being greeted with ridicule and derision. Indeed, many other dwarven nations have already rationalised the Rot as magical punishment from their ancestors for allowing the Serpentspine to be invaded all those years ago. Glassbeard knows if he only had a person with the Rot before him, he could isolate living blothgoblins from their blood. With an audible crack, he sits up ramrod straight in his chair as an idea strikes him. He has already succeeded in isolating blothgoblins from the original samples and growing them in large jars of broth made from the Serpent's corpse. If he was to ingest blothgoblins from these stores and develop the symptoms of the Serpent's Rot, would that not finally prove his theory? As he prepares to rush to the lab and recruit some doctors for his experiment, he stops to scribble a quick will exhorting his descendants to continue his research. It matters not if this experiment kills him, so long as it saves many other dwarves in the future. However, if his sacrifice is not to be in vain then the world must know of it and its consequences. He will need the support of the Enlightened Ten to publicise his study and what it will mean for science, and to convince nations from all Halann to finally take notice.
