Even as a young boy, Houzhao Targuun was a common sight when the Zhuhan Fleet came to our ports. The son of admiralty, he always had a fascination with the sea and what went across it. He spent days on end asking the merchants of Zhuhan about their legendary homeland, hearing folklore of their goddesses and tales of frightening humanhorse hybrids. When they set sail again, he had spoken to every last person on each ship at least once. By the time of the Fleet's next visit, Houzhao was a teenager, and by this point had made a point of tracing his lineage back to the forefathers from Zhuhan, and could even hold a conversation in their native tongue, albeit with some difficulty. While his childlike wonder for their homeland had diminished, he was nonetheless enthusiastic to spend his days in the markets with them, only to join them later in dining among the merchants and admirals that comprise the upper echelon of Beikdugang. When the Fleet left for other shores, it took considerable effort to convince him not to abandon his life here and join them. After their departure, Houzhao spent several nights on the balcony of his family's estate looking out to the sea, being roused only by the realization that by following in his family's footsteps and becoming an admiral himself, he could sail alongside the foreign fleet that had captured his heart. By the time of the Fleet's third visit in his life, Houzhao had graduated from his studies at Nanxin Naval Academy unparalleled in his knowledge of all things nautical. While many of those he spoke to as a child had retired from the fleet, those who knew him were astonished by his immaculate knowledge of the weather patterns, and of every sea creature that could be eaten along their routes in the event of an emergency. Much of this information they did not even know themselves. Those who did not know him thought he was the very ruler of Beikdugang due to the level of formality to which he presented himself to them, and the banquet he hosted in their honor. When Houzhao, now Admiral Targuun, offered to muster a few ships and escort the Trade Fleet for the rest of their time along the Eastern Halessi coasts, they were delighted to let the flag of Beikdugang fly alongside that of the Rising Sun. Over half a year later he would return to his home port, sated for the time being but nonetheless determined in his life's quest to sail to their port himself. This vision of his is a catalyst for a greater destiny for Beikdugang, one that sees the flag of the Violet Dawn in ports that cannot even be conceived in the minds of those in the era he lives in. This destiny calls to us, much like how the sea calls to her sailors. Our path is to answer this call, and venture forth across the endless seas.
