While less immediately hostile than the Shadow Swamp, the unsettling stink of death hovers over everything in the shadow plane, one that you feel in your soul more than your physical senses. Redrobed figures stalk its plains, ghostly figures of the dead wander, sometimes silently grabbing at one of our soldiers and dragging them out of sight. Distant white castles are all one can see through the ever-present fog. Why did we go here? What could we possibly hope to find? The Pit of Grilax? As horrid as this place may be, there is no chance this could be the birthplace of anything. All that comes from here is death. Suddenly, up ahead, something completely unlike anything else in this monochrome environment was spotted. a campfire. How anyone found materials to burn here was beyond our explorer’s knowledge, but the figures around the camp were clearly not of this realm either. They were human. Haggard yes, but living and breathing. As our band approached them, the group drew their swords and shouted at us in what sounded like an old form of Cannorian Common. Whatever they shouted, it was not friendly. We had come too far though to not get answers from the first people in this plane we could potentially communicate with. One Korosheshi soldier, who studied linguistics at Anbenncóst in his youth, trepidatiously moved forward alone and yelled to the group. “We come in peace. We came here on a quest to stem the flow of shadow into our world. Do you have any information that could help us?” The group looked at each other, their eyes eventually settling on one especially grizzled looking individual in their midst. The man stepped forward and walked towards the Korosheshi soldier, sword still gripped firmly in hand, the faded symbol on his breastplate becoming clearer. the Silver Dragon of Castanor. "I am Castan the Second, commander of this legion, and King of Castanor. If you are looking to stem the flow of shadow, simply look behind you at those beasts who brought you here."
