Immarel was crying, weeping really, as she sat beside the workstation, arms splayed over the tabletop. Around her was a mess of shot glasses, empty bottles, and an immense amount of discarded coffee cups, in addition to the papers and half-mad ramblings of a broken elf that were strewn about the floor. Two years it had been since that fateful night, when Immarel had abandoned herself to a project that, in truth, she saw no way of completing. She had tried everything. Everything. And still she failed again and again and again. She had restarted the project and revised her notes and tried every configuration and layout imaginable, and it had all been for naught. Now she just sat in the testing chamber and wept. She had sunk so much time into this, so much energy. She just wanted it to work. Again, that dreaded word "Why?" repeated in her head. First she thought it was the fey; those blasted hellspawn that had jumped her in the domain. Those two, or however many of them were actually there in the clearing, had royally screwed her over, and finally that curse of theirs was coming true. Then it was the dragon, Varlengeilt. What a stupid name. Who names their child Varlengeilt? Immarel wouldn't know, but also, she didn't care. Then she thought it was herself. She was, after all, a stupid, stupid, stupid, no good mother of death foolish idiot, and she couldn't do anything, let alone make a skeleton shiny. She was a fool to think this could work, a fool. Immarel let out a pained groan as she downed another shot of whiskey. But it wasn't her, was it? She knew it wasn't. Knew it wasn't the fey (why would they care?), knew it wasn't old Varlengielt (was he even still alive?), and she knew it wasn't herself; because it was right. The circle, the theory, the magic, the materials, it was all right. It just wasn't working. She thought it was all those things, but she knew it was something else entirely. She was just too damn proud to admit it. "I'm sorry. Is that what you want? I'm sorry, my Prince. I just wanted to make something cool. It was going to be so beautiful..." Immarel muttered the words through her drunken sobs, as she finally gave up, and fell asleep. But then something woke her up; a cold hand on her shoulder. She turned around with a start, expecting to see her patron gloating over her shoulder at her failure. But instead she saw a skeleton. A metal skeleton. Her metal skeleton; head cocked to the side and with a curious look behind the glowing blue dots in its eye sockets. Immarel's eyes lit up; then, still very drunk, she jumped up and embraced the skeleton, hugging it and jumping up and down with joy, endless words of thanks on her lips.
