The monarch held up his spyglass, surveying the walls of the Black Temple from his rooftop vantage point. Even though the rest of the city was solidly under dwarven control, the Black Temple was not. The gates of that unholy structure would not budge, presumably reinforced by magical and other means in preparation for the siege. To his satisfaction, however, he was quickly able to identify several structural weaknesses. The monarch collapsed and stashed his spyglass, and slid back down the rope of his grappling hook, landing between the cannons which were already being rolled through the streets. "Aim below the windows and above the buttresses," he barked at the general who had been waiting for him. "We can make a climbable breach." It took two salvos for the cannons to create the breach. The monarch braced himself, halfexpecting the screeching of the Jiangfu monstrosities that they had been fighting in the city to come pouring out. Instead there was only grumbling and scraping of metal, as the dwarves that had gathered before the wall waited impatiently for orders. The monarch clambered onto the rubble, gesturing with his axe for his dwarves to follow him. Carefully peering through the opening, he could see a hallway extending in both directions and a grand staircase, illuminated only by the light from the breach. No movement was visible apart from the dust in the air that was still dissipating from the blasts. "I've got the stairs," he said, turning to face his lieutenants that had gathered behind him. "Unkon, left. Drim, right. And have your dwarves bring torches." There was an uncommon silence among the dwarves. No laughter, talk or songs; the dark hallways only illuminated by torchlight looked like they could have been in the Dwarovar, but they certainly did not feel that way. Suddenly, a loud shrieking fills the air, as a horde of Jiangfu monstrosities and figures in shadowy robes come pouring from the doorway ahead. The robes are familiar. they were also worn by the soldiers they had fought earlier, and are far more resilient than they look, able to absorb axe blows like armour. The monarch aims his blows precisely, every swing directed at the head. One falls. Two. Three. By then, the slayer's instinct had taken over. The rest of the fight is a blur, and the monarch only regains himself as he stands amid piles of blood and limbs.
