Two Chorsekhíl looked on as some of their comrades forced a group of gnollish families away from their village at the edge of the Šad Sur. One of them nodded, turning to her loverpartner. "That should be the last of them. Let's head back to the commanders with a report, and hopefully we'll get reposted somewhere less boring. You want to get something to eat?" The Chorsekhu trailed off when she noticed her partner's expression. "Are you alright, Élka? You look down." "Šíde.I just had a thought. Have you looked at our armour recently?" "Well, no.I mean; a bit. What about it?" "It's just.does it need to be so black? And menacing?" Élka took her helmet off. "Well we have to be menacing; we're the Chorsekhu. We serve the ruler. Protect her subjects." "No, but.the insignia; don't the lightning bolts just look a little sinister?" Élka showed her partner the Chorsekhu insignia on the side of the helmet; two lightning bolts crossing a harpy's talons, a human skull in its grasp. "And.well.about protecting her subjects.didn't we just evict some of those subjects from their ancestral homes?" "Evict? Well, this was just.just a." Šíde looked back towards the gnolls. One of the children was looking straight at her, holding what looked to be a hound pup in their hands, with tears in their eyes. One of the other Chorsekhu walked up to the gnollchild and kicked them in the back, sending them running back to their family. She turned back to Élka. ".a forced displacement?" Élka looked deep into her lover's eyes. "Šíde.are we the baddies?" Šíde remembered those surrendering rebels that they had killed to set an example for the local population. Then she looked over to the Chorsekhu who had just kicked that child; the gnoll's pet escaped the grasp of a child and ran towards the pair. One of the harpies kicked the hound in the head, laughed, ran it through with her spear, and threw the corpse back to the crying child. A hollow look formed on Šíde's face as she turned back to Élka, who had a grave look on her face. Šíde tried to speak, but couldn't form any words. She sighed, gave up, and then, as if on cue, the pair turned around, and flew off into the desert.
