On one of the tours of the tribe, I came upon the mint I had set up in Gulenhyl. An excited minter motioned me over to show me his impressive collection of coins. I picked one up and saw the face of Grama Clouded Eye on it. On it read Shaman, Prophetess, and Chieftain. Though I never personally knew Grama, it touched me to see how she was still respected here. The next coin depicted the face of my father, Thrak Oakbreaker. Tears came to my eyes as the memories flowed back of my father refusing to join the Greentide before being brutally struck down. I brought my mind back to the present as I read the text on the coin. Father, Warrior, Martyr. He was indeed a martyr. If it wasn’t for his sacrifice, none of this would have ever happened. The next coin showed my face on it. It read Mother of Clouded Eye, Corin’s Disciple. I was hesitant on this one. I didn’t feel like I was that great. Sure, I made several reforms and was chieftain of the clan, but surely if anyone was to be considered the Mother of Clouded Eye, it’d be Grama. I tried to get the minter to change the coin, but he refused, saying that I was the one to establish the currency, so I’m going on it. Lastly, the minter showed me a coin that made my stomach twist. On it was Korgus’s face. I knew the minter meant no harm, but Korgus was a murderer, warmonger, and conman. On the coin read Conqueror of Escann, Son of Dookan. I looked at the minter and asked, Why is Korgus on the coin? Chieftain, you must recognize his military genius and accomplishments, the minter hesitantly said. Let me make this clear. Korgus may be a great general, but he is not a figure to look up to. Grama was a cunning leader and general who made Rottenstep a success, I retorted. I stood there for a while before a thought came to mind. In fact, destroy all coins of Korgus. In his stead, we shall make coins of Corin, a general just as good as Korgus and a goddess in her own right. In a few months’ time, I was taking a stroll through the streets and saw the new coins in the hands of merchants being used for exchange. The fact that dedicated merchants were now a thing and were wealthy showed me that the currency was a success. Arosha Oakbreaker, The Life of Corin’s ork Disciple, Volume Three, Chapter Seven. The Birth of Trade.
