The new moon has emptied the sky, and all the heroes are dead. It is unseemly, the hunger in Mama’s eyes. Granny hides it better, her will to see this done, but she too yearns; it is deep and pervasive and draining, even from across the clearing. The Vile One takes Her place outside the Coven circle; She is to be a feeder to the ritual, to channel Her entire essence into the grand lock of existence. It is what She was born for. Shadow will meet Material; the first true moment of existence will dawn. Mama Hireet and Granny Ilfanill will go home, and will take Auntie Komina with them. The Vile One glances at Komina; if she has her doubts, Auntie does not show them. It builds slowly, the merging; all over the domain, the Vile One feels Her essence stir. Never before has She felt every part of her fog at once; never before has She felt this immensity. The ritual is of three by thirteen matrices, thirtynine in total. The Vile One takes her place at the fourth. Cheni takes the fifteenth; Ikomeye mans the twentyninth. So much of the infrastructure of this has been left to the Daughter, the dutiful sacrifice. She has built upon the ruins of the domain a continental framework of power, a lattice of incanters who follow Her loyally, who share as She does the fascination with great acts of magic. So many have pledged themselves to this strange shadow dawn. They fear death as any mortal, but they are willing to embrace it in Her name. The Vile One glances at peaceful Cheni, pulsing calm into the shared ritual mindscape being built here. She glances at Ikomeye, who regards Hireet with a violent fascination. She is unwilling to see them die. She does not want them to die. They can not die. The new moon has emptied the sky, and all the world drains out through it. The Vile One hesitates; then She betrays. Thirtysix of the thirtynine nodes of the ritual switch allegiance to Her instantly; they do not hesitate, for it is She to whom they owe their loyalty. Tears come to Her eyes. Though she is at the edge of things, she is suddenly the centre of the ritual. She remembers that favourite phrase of Cheni; ‘the fallacy of proximity’; and She laughs, just once, disbelieving. The flow of shadow magic turns towards Her. It is wrong; it is ungeometric. It is not how the ritual is supposed to work.
