Our ancestral home is the aptly named Harpy Hills. This is well documented, by human and harpy both. Ever since our august race learned to sing and remember, it is a curious thing to look back, a scant four hundred years perhaps, and see just how far we have come. Where once our people were scattered to the four winds, we are now together once more. Where once each flock was a kingdom in its own right, we now bend knee only to a single throne, Heunthume, the Queen's Throne, the Throne of Heaven. And as our knees bend to her, do we stand tall and proud above all others. Where once we were prey to gnoll, elf, and human, we need no longer fear them. The gnolls may whisper of their Xhazobine, the humans of their Castanor, and the Elves of their Phoenix Empire. And whisper they shall, for these realms are all dead and gone, consigned to the ashes of history by a greater, truer song than any of their falsetoned shrieking combined. And it is a true song, for Heunthume is more than a throne, and Harpylen is more than an empire. Our queen and our people are the blood of Firanya, and we know no equal. We hold Asmalil, and her song shapes the world in our image. Where our old rivals and enemies built their realms on domination, fire, and blood, our path is to forge something greater: a true song of the world, in which every child of the sky may partake. Our earthbound subjects may look upon us with envy. This is their right, for we are better than them. We have proven this, over and over again. Where they grasped for sword and spear, we extended our talons in friendship. Where their methods brought ruin to all, we of Harpylen found a place for all under our wings. They may grumble and chafe at their bindings, for they are not free. How can they be, when they are slaves of the earth? But one day, they will forget that they once lived without us. One day, they will know, as we know, that our path is the true path, not only for us, but for them as well. They will never be our equals, but there is a place in the sky for all children of Harpylen, Fourth and Final Queendom. Namarhannu Nephiosekhu, chronicler.
