Daniel Seagold, captain of the Black Reavers of the realm, stood on the deck of his flagship, spyglass in hand. It had been another successful voyage; his scurvy band had sailed all across the sea, capturing several prize ships sailing out of the Trollsbay, running them down like dogs catching gulls. Now all they had to do was sell these illgotten goods in a place worth selling them, and they could get to divvying up the plunder. As it so happened, that was precisely where they were headed. A speck appeared on the horizon. Then it became a smear. Then, slowly, it became home, and what a home it had grown into. The smell of woodsmoke and salted fish reached them before the island did. New towns dotted the bay, their fishing boats already out on the morning water. The hammering of construction rang across the harbour, and merchant banners Seagold didn't recognise snapped in the breeze above the docks. He lowered the spyglass and allowed himself a smile. At long last, the ship managed to find a place to moor itself on the bustling docks. ‘Unload the cargo, men.’ Seagold cried. ‘We’re home at last.’ A ragged cheer rose up from his weary sailors. Seagold kicked down the gangplank, prepared to step ashore, and found his way blocked by a man wearing an official looking sash, clutching a clipboard with what looked like religious reverence. He had a stern expression. ’Stop right there, cap’n,’ the man began. ‘The capital is a land of order, law, and justice. We can’t have any smuggled goods sold on these fair shores. Please present your ship manifest immediately, with proof of provenance for your cargo listed.’ The two men looked at each other for a long moment. Then they began to snicker. They collapsed to the dock laughing, tears running down their faces. When Seagold finally got up, he clapped the man on the shoulder, decided that his quartermaster could handle the unloading, and went to find a tavern. There were many, many taverns in the capital, and he needed a drink and a chance to gamble some of his newly earned money away.
