Harpylen's conquest of Siadunlen had been a gentle affair, by and large. Even so, the Siadun were a proud people, and they chafed under the western yoke. Nowhere was this sentiment stronger than in the capital of Siadunaiun, and many hunters endured their share of abuse in their hunt for the songs of Siadun. Tensions rose and progress stalled, until an unlikely breakthrough was made, for where the Siadun were silent, their old vassals were eager to sing. For Siadunlen had shattered under Jaher’s mailed fist, and two smaller flocks had sprung from her breaking. First and loudest were the Mulen, who claimed descent from Mula SwiftSparrow, a daughter of Siaduna. The Mulen were stewards of the northern pass, and held the duty of repelling centaur incursions from the Forbidden Plains. This thankless toil had made them fierce warriors, but they held little love for their southern cousins, and when Jaher struck Siadunlen, the Mulen made peace with the rising Phoenix, thus earning the eternal ire of their southern sisters. To this day, they were of great help to the hunters, for if a Siaduni held her peace, a Muleni would speak. Thus could a clever hunter wrest a song from one, through the silence of another. Soon, both flocks were singing, and their tales were eagerly caught by penwielding raiders. Of endless fascination to the hunters were also the smaller flock of Elaienna, who had more recently broken with Siadan, as the Matriarch Jasiene allied a legacy of the Phoenix Empire, the Jaddari Desert Legion. Through them did the Elaienna abandon the Hunt, and instead took to them the alien faith of the elves, simply named "The Jadd". Their songs were strange, though they shared them gladly, and more than a few hunters found themselves inspired by the sunkissed voices of these southern heretics. Even so, they held no doubt that the words they entrapped would bring a blaze to the soul of Harpylen, for the Elaienna held a conviction in their songs that seemed at odds with the lighthearted voice of the west.
