Looking out over the gently rolling plains and verdant woodlands of the lands south of Lake Silvermere, one forgets for a moment the cataclysm which ravaged these lands mere decades ago. Realms with as storied a past as the Blademarches were swept away in the Greentide, leaving only devastation in their wake. The formerly flourishing lands were turned into a desolate wasteland, which until our arrival only roaming bands of orks and goblins called their home. But not any more. With blade in one hand and tools in the other we have reclaimed part of these lands for civilization, built new homes where only ruins stood, tilled the abandoned fields and paved the way for both those brave souls daring to return to their former homes as well as adventurous wanderers seeking a new beginning in an untamed land. While the original core of our budding nation originates from the southern realm of Busilar, the people gathering under our protection hail from many places, bringing their own unique traditions and foibles with them in this new land. Our duty as their sworn protectors is therefore not only to shield them from predators both sentient and otherwise, but also to settle the inevitable disputes arising between them, mend fences and build bridges between people from disparate backgrounds. But we share these lands not only amongst ourselves, but also with the clans of orks and goblins who once came pouring out of the mountains during the Greentide. While other adventurers might attempt to seek their subjugation or even banishment in the name of some twisted form of justice or out of a sense of ruthless practicality, we shall not expend our limited strength on such wasteful and ultimately futile endeavors. We shall repel any attempts to drive us away, but these vast lands surely can accommodate all who wish to make them their new home, as long as all sides learn to coexist peacefully. We are no longer just an adventuring band, but a newborn state. And in honor of the intrepid pioneers who started the reclamation of our lands and to commemorate our aspiration to build bridges between the many peoples coming to these lands, the monarch has been inspired to name our new realm Stalbór, merging the elven word for bridge, bór, and the Stalwart Band whose bravery made all of this possible. True to our chosen name we shall be stalwart bridgebuilders, forging connections even between those who consider themselves mortal enemies.
