Being native to the Shadow Swamp, trolls found the shadow plane less disconcerting, and even knew some of the tricks to fend off unwanted attention from its denizens. With various wards painted onto their bodies, the latest expedition ventured away from the path that led towards the Castanorian encampment and towards a distant white castle the redrobed figures had been seen walking towards. Yet partway into the trek, the trolls started to veer off course and into a forest of dead trees, as though a voice was commanding them. Despite the rest of the group’s protestations, the trolls continued to veer off path, with the rest having no alternative but to follow, for they did not trust their own ability to return to the portal back to the plane of the living.  Soon the group came to a grove filled with redpetalled flowers, their colour incredibly striking in this otherwise monochrome world. There in the middle, smoking a knobbly old pipe, sat the most gruesome looking hag one had ever seen. She took a long smoke of her pipe held in one hand while beckoning the trolls forward with her warty finger. The lead troll started to step forward in a dreamlike fashion, until he dropped a talisman he was holding in his hand: a symbol of Nirakhet. The troll blinked, looked down at the talisman, then slowly bent down, picked it up, placed it around his neck, and then pointed a finger at the hag.  "You have no control over me anymore Lady Smoketusk. You may have created us, but we are now free to choose our own dreams." The defiance in his words belied an obvious terror beneath his voice. The hag cackled in response. "I could wrap you all around this finger once again; as if your presence here was not proof of that. Or did you choose to come here? I sincerely doubt that." She cackled again and took another large puff from her pipe. "I simply have no more use for you. I have no need for tools who cannot protect a world tree."  The hag stood up, tossed her pipe into the air where it grew into a walking stick before falling back into her hand. She turned and started to walk away, before turning back. "Oh, and I did not create your kind. I simply purchased you. Bought from a giant in exchange for an enchanted bow. Perhaps I should have kept the bow. Would have been more useful against harpies than your kind was." She shot a look of pure hate at the rest of the party, before limping away into the blackness of the forest.
