Over the millennia, the basic organisational unit of Bulwari society has always been the city state. One city might at times dominate its neighbors, or be subjugated by nomadic overlords from beyond the fecund river basin, but inevitably, after the fall of kingdom, queendom or empire, the city state reasserts itself as the center of authority for its environs. Yet between the Serpentspine, the middle Suran and the Harpy Hills, in the lands around lake Naza, another order has been established. Since the time of the Akalite kingdom, it is not just the cities which hold sway over the fertile countryside, but the vast mansions of the Ralkadezim have become the radiant sun around which the villages in their vicinity orbit. Each lord and lady of the Ralkadezim is their own little king or queen in their sprawling country estates, ruling over their domain just as the monarch rules over all of Sareyand. And just as the villagers work the fields and orkhards of the mansions, fixed in their orbit around the estate, so do the mansions in turn orbit around the gloriously brilliant sun of the Sunfire Throne of Sareyand and its occupant. And just as the light of the sun illuminates everything it touches, so does the connection between monarch and Ralkadezim invest the latter with legitimacy and authority over their vast estates. In return, the Ralkadezim lend their strength grown from their deep roots in the countryside to the monarchy. Many a second or third son or daughter of theirs has chosen to pursue a career in the army instead of an uncertain future at the sufferance of their elder sibling and heir of the estate. The most promising among their ranks are inducted in the elite cavalry corps of the Andrellian Companions, named after the Sun Elven paragon of discipline, sworn only to the throne and each other. Their members lead an existence as confirmed bachelors and bachelorettes, living in the royal barracks as roommates devoted to each other. Wherever their banner flies, the simple soldiers of the Ash Legion are roused to battle fervor, secure in the knowledge that the invincible Andrellian Companions shall shatter even the most impenetrable enemy line.
