The lords of the south may have proven themselves to be more cooperative than expected, but the Great Clans of the north were bound to be another issue entirely. Nearly a millennium ago, the middle lands of the Ogre Valley existed independently of Maghargma as a coalition of independent clans; though the alliance was crushed by a Maghargman host, the ogres of the region proudly cling to their ancient spirit of independence. Never ones to miss a feast, the delegation of Great Clan Garsvulshim were the first to arrive from amongst their confederates. Occupying some of the most fertile land in the valley, the Doomhungers were the most zealous of the Great Clans. Upon entering the hall, the ruler of Ojkagma barely acknowledged the Mengur’m’s presence before stuffing their face with food. Between bites of meat and gulps of ale, the Ojkagma delivered their capitulation with agonizing slowness but accepted all the same. Close on their heels, the delegation from Great Clan Achtejardon arrived. Having amassed a great fortune from their near monopoly on the slave trade within the Ogre Valley, the Chainlords flaunted their wealth at every opportunity they could get. Swaggering up to the throne, bedecked in the most glamorous finery that money could buy, the ruler of Ojkagma did all they could to bribe and haggle themselves out of the situation they found themselves in before finally relenting to the unwavering resolve of the Mengur’m. Most likely on purpose, the Clan Remlygenjrot delegation arrived hours late to the festivities. Once the leaders of the very confederation that challenged Maghargman hegemony a millennium ago, they have managed to hold on to a fraction of their former power in influence since their subjugation. Brutal in war and uncooperative in peace, the Spinebreakers are particularly infamous amongst the Great Clans to the court of Maghargma. Only after the points of four spears were pressed against the ruler’s throat did Ojkagma begrudgingly surrender before the Mengur’m.
