It had been going so well, just as expected. They had been making gains, and the autumnal thralls were clearly unprepared for their attack. Then Varlengeilt, flying above the city, saw her standing at the edge of the battlefield, simply surveying: the Amber Princess. He roared, and dove at her. As he did, his body began to crackle with energy. He was no fool; this woman, this being, was by far the most dangerous thing on the battlefield, and he was going to need more than a simple jet of flame to defeat her. He rocketed through the air towards her, on a direct collision course. She glanced up to see him, and with that, flicked her wrist at him. A great blast of force smashed into Varlengeilt, wracking his body with unimaginable pain. His suffering had been bad before; even his dragon form could only dull it, as that monster’s magic corrupted him from within. That was nothing in comparison to how he felt now. He roared in pain, careened through the air, and crashed to the ground. The magic worked faster than ever before. Spikes of pain appeared all over his body without warning, causing him to twitch each time. He lay there for a while, dying, as the battle was lost around him. Then, out of the haze of smoke, she appeared. Her face was singed; had he still been able to, he would have smiled at this sight. "Your spies must be quite stupid if they failed to mention I was in the city," she said. Varlengeilt did not respond; her presence seemed to cloud his mind. Thoughts were difficult. Had he been more conscious, he may have realized that this was becoming truer by the second. She was draining something out of him, but he was already too far gone to be aware. "You have been quite the annoyance," she continued. "You could have simply fled before I arrived. That said, it gladdens me that you did not, for now I get to take your power." "You... you are... a monster..." the thing that was Varlengeilt said. The Amber Princess simply smiled and stood there, as his essence seeped into her. "It amuses me, you know."
