From the Travel Book of a Cannorian Merchant. Seventeen point six. After an arduous voyage around Sarhal we finally arrived at our destination in Cay Cam Sinh, the main trading port of Baihon Xinh. It was an exhilarating sight; from small fishing ships to great warships, the port was full of activity. Aside from some other Cannorian ships loading their cargo with cotton and silk, I saw bulky tradeships hoisting the flag of different Yansheni nations, elven ships from the far east, and curiously even some ships hoisting the pirate flag. Local sailors told me that they were serving under a subsidiary of Baihon Xinh, protecting their interest and harming the competition. Unfortunately, my stay here is only short, and I have to take a small river boat to Tuan Caoban to accompany a diplomat to meet with the ruler of Baihon Xinh. Twenty point six. The trip to Tuan Caoban was short, and we arrived early in the morning. What a sight to behold; the stories told in my hometown don't even come close to describing the splendor of Tuan Caoban. The river port was located a bit outside of the city. As soon as we arrived, a diplomat from Baihon Xinh welcomed us and took us to a messaging station to give notice that we arrived. We then took a wagon bringing us to the front gate of Tuan Caoban. We drove through lush fields, ever watched by the mighty Fort Taibo looming on the hillside next to the capital. After entering the city made of stone, the diplomat left us together with the head of our delegation to meet with the ruler for negotiations, and I got the rest of the day off. I took this free time to explore the city. My first destination was the University of Tuan Caoban, famous for its diverse curriculum and freedom of opinion. While on the way there, I saw a military column dragging along multibarreled artillery, walking in perfect tact. I spotted at least three different temples, some for religions I haven't heard the name until now. The city was bustling with humans, elves, dwarves, harimari, gnomes, and other races. The gnomes, I heard, took up residence here to freely pursue their interest in artificery. They installed light in the main street to keep them illuminated even during the nights. After taking a tour around the university, visiting the economy department, where I listened to a class regarding trade flow, and the artificery department, seeing machines I'm not able to comprehend, I took a stroll through the grand bazaar. Mercenaries from Lot Dekkhang were recruiting new recruits, and people from Jaya Raya, dressed as if they directly came from the jungle, sold exotic spices. After buying more than I was able to carry alone, I went back to the inn to get a good night's sleep before I am finally able to see the grand palace of the Ghost Emperor tomorrow and meet with the ruler, the ruler over Baihon Xinh and thus over all Haless.
