Since becoming Tower Commander, I have spoken before the people of Tiboktsamo enough to start to get used to it. Bold speeches to cheering crowds. But this was different. Where, before, I had spoken to an island, now it felt as if I were speaking to an entire ocean. A sea of faces, disorienting in their diversity. Not just humans and halflings, but lizards, harpies, even the occasional gnoll. Not at all like the homogeneity of my home. We'd gathered the traitors atop a hastily erected terrace overlooking Kolo's Shrine. The shrine was in far better condition than I had expected. The stories I grew up with always made it sound as if the people of Kunolo had defiled it, but it had been cared for with love. There had even been offerings left on it, when we first arrived. But we were here to bring a greater offering. People of Kolonama. I spoke, my magically enhanced voice booming out to the crowd. For too long, you have been misguided and deceived. Through no fault of your own, you have been tricked into fighting against your own liberation. Fighting for your oppressors. No longer. Gathered here are those most deserving of punishment. Halflings like you or me. I felt a pang of embarrassment, noticing just how many members of the crowd were notably not halflings, before I continued who have chosen greed and subservience over freedom and faith. Traitors to the city of Kolonama, traitors to its people, and traitors to Kolo. I paused for dramatic effect, though my head tilted ever so slightly to the sound of quiet sobbing. I saw the son of Zafimahaleo Beetelbiter, one of the prior rulers of the city, knelt amongst the other traitors. He was only fifteen. I sentence you to death. I announced, my gaze once again focused on the crowd. Screams and wails filled the air, as one by one each traitor was pushed from the terrace. As in ancient days we had once thrown the former Jakatany of Kolonama from the peak of the tower, now we executed these traitors who had sided with invaders. But the noises that erupted from the crowd, as each body hit the stonework below, were not cheers. When the last body was still, a crumpled mess against hard stone, the crowd was silent.
