It started with a riot. In the streets of former Castonath, a group of clan warriors went on a march to the town hall with a list of demands, foremost among them was the abdication of the ruler and the transfer of power to a clan council. However, the town hall was protected by royal soldiers. A skirmish started between the two groups as some clan warriors broke off to seize parts of the city, managing to take control of a specific domain before spreading out from there. Riots broke out across the massive city, requiring the army to march into the streets to restore order. At the end of the weeklong struggle, fifty orks lay dead in the streets. While the army was distracted calming the chaos in the Royal Cities, news finally reached the monarch of Borgu’s fate. It turned out that Borgu Severed Ear was completely fine, relaxing in Westgate as chaos engulfed Unguldavor. A messenger entered the palace and read the letter to the monarch. “To the soft and Cannorized weakling, this is your fault. I tried to warn you, but you refused to see the signs. The clans hate the direction we are going. Your administration is making us soft. Our people were strong, but you thought they should be decadent. Uraken are now drinking wine and singing in Ungulan, a filthy Cannorization of our beautiful languages. I cannot stand for it anymore. As of today, Unguldavor will have a new king. A king that recognizes that it is through strength that we live. You may have noticed that you could not get in contact with your friends in Gulenhyl. This is because I spread the word of your misdeeds to them as well. As we speak, the armies of Bloodgorger, Dogeater, and Bladebreaker are marching on the capital. Along with Clouded Eye, they see no future in an Unguldavor ruled by you. Once I am King of Unguldavor and all Uraken, I will bring the clans back and start purging us of those humans and their mongrel children. History will see that Borgu Severed Ear was the Savior of the Urak. Signed, King Borgu.”
