Holi was worried that her trip to the domain would be met with trouble. After all, she had paid for passage on a merchant ship, a prime target for piracy. This was not the case. Instead, she had a livable trip where, when she was not seasick, she was treated as an oddity by the crew; especially after drinking just as much as they did. When she finally made port in the domain, she left behind a ship of sailors who would nearly certainly remember her. Now, Holi simply needed to find who she was looking for; Ren and Tojiko. Though she remembered their faces, there were a lot of hobgoblins in the city; given their propensity to group together, this meant she had her work cut out for her. Many of the Swallow Hobgoblins worked as mercenaries, and much of the commerce in their district consisted of businesses that aided that fact. Not knowing where else to start, Holi decided to ask around. It took a few hours, but she eventually found her target. the pair had established themselves as a pair of blacksmiths, creating weapons and armor to sell to Swallow Hobgoblin mercenaries. They shared a shocked moment of silence as they met Holi once again, only to laugh it off once more. The three of them had a long and lively conversation about their exploits since they had met last. As Holi slowly learned, the two's shop had fallen on hard times, for, as far as either of them could tell, a spirit had infested their store room. It was hard to get anything done, and it was scaring customers away. She had heard it walking in, but did not know what the noise was. A little bit of persuasion later, and they agreed to let her try her luck with their spirit. When Holi confronted the wailing being, she managed to get out of it that it had agreed to be put into a charm as part of settling a debt, only to be placed here as a means of sabotage, though it would not say by who. The medallion agreed to stop if it was taken away from the domain. As a token of their thanks, Ren and Tojiko presented Holi with a ceremonial sword; the previous buyer had reneged on their deal, so they thought it wouldn't hurt to give it to her.
