With newfound cooperation between mages and scientists, we have discovered a wealth of the secrets and peculiarities of magic, normally closely guarded by jealous mages. While we are spoilt for choice with offensive uses for magic on the battlefield, there is very little capable of protecting our common soldiers from a mage assault. Research into wards and magic fields revealed them to be somewhat effective, but far too costly and fragile to deploy at a high level across entire armies. After many failed research proposals and much wasted state funds, just when the council had begun to give up hope, an erstwhile merchant spy of ours by the name of Galin Karnoris entered the council chamber and asked for an audience with the Enlightened Ten. Once he was granted it, he spun a wild and obviously embellished tale of his journey across the remains of the Golden Highway. Apparently, while resting in a tavern in AzkaSur after singlehandedly fighting off a lichking and a storm elemental, he heard an intriguing story. At the bar, a drunken Raheni mage was ranting to anyone who would listen about the savage beasts from the Command. Apparently, the mage was forced to flee his home to avoid the Command's persecution of mages. Ordinarily he would have crushed their armies with a sweep of his hand, but the hobgoblins possessed some material capable of nullifying magic, rendering normally formidable warrior mages easy pickings for their forces. Karnoris approached him, and after a few more rounds the mage offered to sell him a piece of this material for an exorbitant price, far more than Karnoris was carrying. Recalling that the Enlightened Ten were promising great compensation to anyone who could provide information on how to counter mages, he promptly rushed to the banks of AzkaSur and took out as many loans as he could. Scraping together just barely enough, he returned to the tavern and purchased the material from the now rather sober mage. It is this material which Karnoris proudly presents to the Enlightened Ten. It's a solid black crystal, roughly polished and shaped into a neat cylinder. It bears many resemblances to volcanic obsidian, but Karnoris insists it is different entirely. Actually, a quick examination reveals it is in fact just simple obsidian. Even the centre has been hollowed out to cheat Karnoris out of as much material as possible. Still, Karnoris insists there must be some truth to the rumours and begs us to investigate. Though we certainly won't compensate him for his foolish purchase, we will at least do our due diligence and mobilise some of our spies to search for any further rumours of this material in AzkaSur.
