Mages, nothing but trouble. Or so the Sorcerer King taught us. With his manipulative malice quickening the downfall of Castanor, the bewitching of the incumbent ruler was just the start of his plans. "Mages, oh those bloody mages…" whisper those in court, in town, and tavern, across the lips of peasants wrung with superstition and all those who know not where their powers or loyalties lie. The mage emperors of Anbennar were able to impose peace for a time, but even that came crashing down in the wars of rule. Furthermore, the trifling election of a magically gifted five-year-old child to the Anbennar crown further sowed the seeds of instability, which led to the Lilac wars. So, why mages? Why allow them near our crown, why allow them to join our glorious Legions in their magnificent restoration when they could be blamed for stamping out our dreams once before? But many have nowhere else to go since the Crimson Deluge, and the sharp rise in magical ability and mages that came with it. They have flocked to the Dragon Banner of Castanor to learn how to control their powers, to rise up from whatever hovel they may have come from, to seek glory in the arms of service and possible redemption in the eyes of their village, city, and empire. For traditional mage schools are selective, expensive, and frown upon those of nonestablished bloodlines. The legion, however, took them in, fed them, taught them, and became their new home filled with camaraderie and fellowship. Giving them a place to rise from the ashes, like a dragon, and flourish in a new age. The Mage Bound are organized into battalions of legionnaires with platoons of mages mixed in. Some mages fight more akin to a traditional legionnaire except with ensorcelled weapons and enchanted armor. Each holding gemstones bristling with power, and sparkling with warding when killing blows glance off of them. Fire and lightning flickering from weapon and open palm as they cut down their enemy. Others fight in robes and with staves that can shift the movements of the land in earthquakes, or bring the skies down on their enemy with thunderous lightning, torrential rain, or vicious dust clouds to erode the enemy to death. All standing side by side with their fellow legionnaires as they make a crushing advance through the enemy ranks, each blow lessening their shame, and bringing them closer to redemption as they serve the rising star of Castanor, as it climbs to new heights.
