As the last vestige of sunfall faded, what remained was only the ethereal glow of the full, silver moon in the indigo heavens. The faint luminous blue light beamed through the canopies of the Greatwoods. For a moment, the woods were illuminated in a beautiful tranquility, undisturbed and peaceful. Yet that was broken by distant violent howling, more vicious and feral than even that of wild wargs with a disturbing distinct human tone to it. In a nearby temporary camp of makeshift tents, lit by a humble campfire, a scarred ork sat staring at the flames with the eye he had left, aging yet full of vigor and determined to fulfill his duties that night. Huntmaster Zûka murmured, “The time has come.” The continued howling was broken up by the sound of battlehorns, alerting all the orkish hunter camps. “Careful men, even the savagest beasts hunt with dire cunning,” Zûka shouted out to his camp before dispersing. As Zûka quickened his wargs, crashing through branches and hopping through boulders along the way, suddenly his eye fixed upon a pack of werewolves, gargling on fresh and succulent meat from a recent hunt, a herd of deer. The scars, the broken tusk, and the lumbering frame. It was undeniable; Zûka could not be mistaken, this was the one that took his eye when Tenefor first suffered Dookanson’s wrath. He held his hand out, urging his men to remain calm and silent. A morbid tranquility followed, filled by snarling and hungry gurgling. The wargs lunged forth, surprising the werewolves who were still gnawing on flesh and bone. Battle ensued, warriors and wargs against werewolves. The werewolves had a clear advantage with their ferocity, size, and strength, tearing limbs and cracking skulls, barely flinching at the slicing of axes and spear. But Zûka’s tactics prevailed, forcing the pack into a corner against the cliffside. An elderly shaman stepped forth, murmuring and asking for Dookan’s blessings before shouting, “Oh great spirits of the wild, bind these savage creatures defiling your domain.” The earth rumbled and cracked beneath the feet of the werewolves, causing them to fall into a deep ledge. Even more hardened compressed earth broke off and fell upon them, incapacitating the beasts in the process, yet still keeping them alive. Azukor responds, “After them. Quickly.”
