It was a sunny day in Apikhoxí, and if one looked out from her port to sea, one would find a perfect blue sky reflected in the ocean, blue upon blue, merging on the horizon. Even the seagulls riding the gentle swell appeared to be sunbathing, the waves rolling languidly across the water in the scarce wind, only occasionally broken up by the bobbing hulls of fishing boats. Ultaris peered over the side of one such boat, and found the gaunt face of a young boy with a serious stare reflected back at him. Gaunt, but less so than last time he looked. It had been a very different face, the first time he had seen these waters. Ultaris couldn't remember much before then, and in truth he didn't care to. He had lived in a city. Not Apikhoxí, this he knew. He knew he'd been hungry and cold. And then one day, he had been taken off the street, by people that he didn't know. Thinking back on this made his chest ache, so he closed his eyes, and thought of what came next. How he'd been put on a ship, with maybe fifty other children, stored in the hold like cattle. This was a better memory, but not by much. The passage a miserable affair he gladly dismissed from his thoughts. The arrival at port had been something else, though. And the person the slaver sold him to had been different. Warmer. He had gotten washed, fed, and introduced to Shiavera. An older lady, who had asked him for his name and whether he'd like to come and live with her and hers. It first seemed like a particularly strange dream. There had been this instinct, that Shiavera was a genuinely nice person, and not something worse. So Ultaris had gone with her, and found that she had a house, a hearth, and even a child of her own, named Tanelia. They had been a family of fishers; well, kelp farmers in truth. Ultaris had thought it strange then, and part of him still did. But he didn't care. He had never gone hungry since, and every day he spent in the water, he felt better than the day before. It was a good life, he decided. A weathered voice called Ultaris from his thoughts. The voice of Shiavera, on her way into the water, and to the kelp fields hidden beneath the waves.
