Preparations were made all throughout Mulen for the monthlong Land of the Skies celebration, with the largest festivities being centered around the hanging cities and the secondary groundbased cities near them. Visitors from everywhere have come, and the world's cuisine and crafts were prepared for all to enjoy. Traders, caravan leaders, and customers thronged the markets for goods and treasures and experiences that only Mulen could assemble. Foreign performers were brought in to display their skills, musicians and dancers and fireeaters and so many more, but the true show would come from the Muleni harpies themselves. Their traditional songs echoed down the mountainsides. Aerial performers took flight with flowing banners and ribbons to entwine and unwind in luxurious patterns. Embedded glowing stones darted through the black skies among the stars as skilled night performers flew otherwise invisibly. In the background, countless small tales unfolded between harpies and their guests. Diplomatic and trade relations blossomed as envoys were dazzled. People down on their luck forsook their homelands to stay here in this Land of the Skies forever, perhaps entranced with the advances of one harpy they had met, or perhaps with the nation herself. The Merchant Matriarchs and our lord herself were seen throughout the festivities, and the contest between the Peacocks and the Sparrows transformed into oneupmanship as each strived to outdo the other. The ostentatious Peacocks sported their eponymous feathers, decorated wings, and precious ornaments as they flocked the streets to display their wealth and beauty. Their “vulgar” displays had frequently infuriated aloof traditionalists who decried the improper behavior of these “Flappers” as they were called, but the nights of these festivals put all others to shame. The Sparrows were more drab by comparison and collected in behavior, but still sported colorful fashion drawn from the cultures of many nations. Using their personable demeanor, versed learning, and sharp wits, they sought out people of interest and appeal to engage in articulate conversation with, to see what all parties could offer one another. Throughout the days and nights of the festivities, the people offered countless voices and scents from the farthest reaches of Halcann up to the sky. Awestruck, the sky offered its own gentle whispering winds to carry these experiences aloft and outward. And upon those winds, radiant and magnificent Mulen would soar into the future.
