She is dead. The woman who was said to have spoken directly with the Great Dookan himself in her visions, is dead. The woman who once insulted Varok Bladebreaker to his face and lived to tell the tale, is dead. The woman who rallied the disparate clans and tribes to the Dookanson's call, is dead. Grama Clouded Eye is dead, and the entire clan mourns.  It was as she lay on her death bed that she finally chose who her successor as clan chief would be. She had said that the Great Dookan himself had pointed out three exceptional young orks to her in a vision, each exemplifying his strength in a different way, and each of which would be powerful clan chiefs in their own right.  Bagrum was no great warrior, and was often ridiculed by other orks supposedly cowering behind defenses of his own construction. However, the Great Dookan knows that strength does not come only from a blade or a club. The other orks stopped laughing at Bagrum once he saved them from a deadly charge of Cannorian knights with defenses he had hidden in the tall grass. The Dookan's children must have homes to live in and walls to protect themselves, and Bagrum would build those for his people.  Meshug had always been considered soft by the other orks. Whereas most of the Dookanson's followers were content to raid and pillage, Meshug found no satisfaction in such actions. Instead, Meshug spent hours in his tent, creating all of the things that other orks simply stole from the lands they conquered. Why would Meshug waste so much time and effort making things, the other orks asked, when he could just take them? Because, Meshug said, the Great Dookan is glorified not just in victorious battle, but in hard work, as well, in productive labor, to make life better for all of his children.  Krunaka is the strongest warrior in Clouded Eye, able to best any male with ease. Unlike most orks, though, Krunaka does not fight for the honor of the glory of it. No. Krunaka fights for peace. Other orks laugh at her for it, of course. An ork that wants peace? What sort of ork is that? The Great Dookan, however, understands the strength that comes in peace, and would see Krunaka defeat the orks' enemies and end decades of war and death.  No matter who Grama chose as her successor, the Clouded Eye clan would follow, for shaman's word was taken to be the word of the Great Dookan himself, whom none of the orks would oppose. Who will Grama choose as the next clan chief?
