Avery, I need to speak with you. Orynn, a Sarda who had traversed these mountains many times, looked at Avery with a serious and stern expression. These lands we are now riding into are the home of the Chiunife. They are a group of shapeshifters who don't take kindly to outsiders, be they human or ruinborn. They are some kind of strange cult who have resided in these mountains for ages. They prey on people who wander into the mountains and according to the stories, they reside in the mountains themselves, especially near the rivers. To the Epednar they are nothing but scary ghost stories meant to make children obedient, but I’ve encountered them, and not only are they real, they are nasty folk as well. Avery, contemplating for a bit, decided that they would count the men in the evening and that they would install a special code. one would say plum, and the other would say tree. That night, the men were tense, fearing that their own friend could be a shapeshifter. Some closed off their wagon, others installed empty cans and pots that would make noise if one were to enter. Orynn just watched the waters, as if he knew what was about to happen. Then, some men shouted. "Man in the water." They had seen a man on some piece of wreckage and tried to help him get to shore. Knowing it was a trap, Orynn shouted that they left the man alone, yet it was too late. With a fell swoop, the shapeshifter cut the throats of both men and jumped ashore. Orynn immediately sounded the alarms, as did Avery and Vincén. Yet before they could do that, multiple men got killed as shapeshifters jumped from the shadows and from the wagons. A battle ensued. Most shapeshifters were however dispatched quickly and those who did remain eventually fled back into the darkness of night. And even though all of this had taken only a couple of minutes, the damage was noticeable. Around thirty men were killed, and later they would find the bodies of more men in bushes and behind boulders surrounding the path. They had most likely been kidnapped and killed the night before, their bodies replaced by shapeshifters who had secretly traveled with the group for a whole day, perhaps more. The group had in total lost around fifty men, but the biggest damage was to morale, as many feared the return of the shapeshifters. Orynn could not say if they would return, suggesting that the password was changed each day, just to be sure.
