The tower, brother. It is time to close up and go home. For the Rugavus brothers, then young and talented jewel crafters, the erection of the Bosancovac Central Clock was as much a novelty as it was convenient. one could look out the shop and see precisely what the time was, know when the customers were going to arrive to collect their orders, and when exactly one’s newly employed apprentices were going to come and go. Nowadays, hearing the ticking of the clocks is like hearing the heartbeat of a city; stop it for a moment and Bosancovac as a whole will stop functioning. The Rugavus brothers close up their shop at the usual time, eight thirty on the dot, as indicated by the tower; and under the soft and gentle moonlight, its glow mirrored in puddles of water at the corners of the streets, washed clean after a rainy day, they walk out to go back home. As they step out, chatter arises. Back in the day, the central clock used to be the only big clock in the city, but now, the entire city feels like one giant clock, not only because of the clocks, but the outlook and architecture as well. The clock works of Bosancovac led to a direction in architectural development where incorporating clockwork into the structures of its buildings resulted in improving their efficiency. This has led to increased use of clocks in general, and the rise in demand eventually made wearing clocks fashionable, with more elaborate and expensive designs being created, such as golden stopwatches with twelve intricate gemstones each indicating a number on the clock. That is part of the reason why the Gnomish district is now brimming with master clocksmiths, who are always busy creating the most reliable yet sophisticated clocks one would ever see in their lifetime. Indeed these masters are responsible for creating some of the greatest devices in the known world, such as the Dam Tik, a gargantuan clock created at the face of the Bosancovac dam with not just one, but two inbuilt lighthouses responsible for brightening the clock and casting the shadow of its hands on the mighty river. Far has Bosancovac come, from a floating city famous for its unique structure to now being dubbed the Clockwork City, where the ticking of the tocks never stops.
