Everest sil Varaine slid his hand across the flat of his scarred silver blade. It was encrusted with a single cracked ruby, broken many summers ago when his older sister grew tired of it as a plaything. It was never gifted to Everest, but passed down as an afterthought as he was when he was sent to Orda Aldresia. He was a second son, a threat at worst and a nuisance at best; a fact that the courtiers of his homeland and his parents made sure to remind him of since the day he was born. Where was a second son to go in such a hostile world? Where even the emperor viewed them with suspicion of fomenting dynastic challenges. The Orda Aldresia was the only safe place for a second son from any hunting accident. The second born, sons and daughters from across the empire, from poor counties to the most powerful of grand duchies were all sent to the frigid walls of Arca Aldresia. There, Everest and thousands of others swore a sacred oath, to take no title, hold no land, bear no children, to protect Anbennar till their dying breaths. And for what Everest thought? To die in the wars of their brothers and sisters who ate, drank, and lusted till sunrise? No, that is not your sister. She threatened to leave the throne if you were banished. But she didn’t leave the throne, did she? She’s like one of them. Everest stood up as his grave eyes stared into the cracked blade, his attention breaking as a roar came from outside the tent. Outside were his brothers and sisters, all of them from the most renowned princedom to the forgotten reaches of the empire, all with strong claims to dozens of thrones. They had gathered beyond Arca Aldresia; the Grandmaster was smart in rallying only loyal forces within their second home. Their first step was to take the unbreakable castle that defied Canrec. The second? Reclaim their birthright. Before Everest left the tent, he looked away from his blade and noticed the small charm his sister gave him before he left on his war chest. A wooden token of Esmaryl, the goddess of family.
