The mage in charge beside you holds his lists and reads out the report to you as you watch the others finish setting up. The Woodwell and Carneteria teams are on standby; the whole boundary of the forest has been covered. The focus on the hill outside the Twin Eilís is charged and ready. Our mages stand by with the ingredients, and the fires are all lit. This is the last chance to turn back. We could do only portions perhaps. Getting cold feet? No, your majesty, of course not. It’s just, something on this grand a scale hasn’t been attempted since the days of the Sorcerer King. I just think we ought to be certain. I am certain. And with that you give the signal to begin. The chant starts, hundreds of mages chanting in unison, all casting the same spell together. This chant would be echoed across Woodwell and Carneteria and all across the province of Eilísin itself. You look to the east and begin to see a faint glow in the distance. As it grows brighter, it seems to come together into a faintly green beam which begins to arc towards you. The beam grows brighter as do the fires, and that chanting gets louder. The beam is so close it is almost blinding to look at; the air is sparking and crackling with energy. All the wildlife around you seems to grow brighter and greener and more lush by the second until finally the beam connects with the enormous focus crystal set on the hill. The crystal lights up like a fireball, and beams come splitting out of it, arcing across Eilísin toward the various groups of chanting mages across the province. As the energy is syphoned into the lands here, you cannot help but think how beautiful everything looks, how verdant the land is already becoming with all this extra energy being pumped in. After several hours, the beam grows dark and finally fades away into nothing. The chant dies down; the fires burn to cinders. The ritual is complete. All around you, the mages are wavering and recovering from the dizziness of being part of such a powerful spell. But they look around them in wonder at what they have managed to accomplish. Never before has there been a more magically verdant place than here; surely even the Deepwoods aren’t as lush as this. You turn to the mage next to you who has just received word from the teams in the east. Report of the condition of Woodwell and Carneteria. They seem slightly put off by something, an odd look considering the wonder on the faces around them. What do they say? They hope it was worth it, because this unnatural act has created a nightmare.
