It all started with an enormous, deafening sound, a sound so monstrously immense that it swallowed all other noise and left behind nothing but silence and dread. Many in this moment thought the world was ending, and in a way, they would turn out to be right; for what they heard was the death knell of their empire, their way of life, their hopes and dreams. After a seeming eternity measured in panicked heartbeats, the bravest among them started to wake up from their state of shock, only to experience the ground beneath their feet, thought solid and reliable all their lives, turn into flotsam and jetsam tossed on the currents of an unseen river. Stumbling and fumbling, many made their way to open spaces, but some inhabitants, whether by instinct or a vital measure of foresight, instead turned towards the harbor front. There, another dread marvel greeted their sight on this day of vicissitude. The sea itself had withdrawn from the land, glittering far away on the horizon, with only the deep channel stretching outwards from the military harbor containing some remaining sea water. The panicked people started to rush towards those few ships not yet aground. First among them the sleek vessel Sundancer, once a tool of oppression for those not favored by the empire, but now a beacon of hope amidst the cataclysm. Warding the approach to the vessel were grim figures with drawn blades, but on this day where everything else had been turned upside down, they too defied expectations. Instead of securing the Sundancer for the nobles haltingly making their way to the harbor amidst their armed escorts, these paragons of virtue let the common people of the city find their way aboard and prevented any attempt of an aristocrat's entourage boarding the ship with the swift stroke of their blades. As soon as the Sundancer set sail, chockfull with people and a flotilla of smaller ships in tow, it rushed towards the glittering horizon, and not a minute too soon, as they only just reached deeper waters when a gargantuan wall of water arose behind them and buried the city they once called home. One and a half millennium later, the distant descendants of those lucky few who found their way onto the vessels of the Remnant Fleet still honor the memory of those left behind. First among them the valiant Paragons who saved their ancestors and protected them from the greed and lethal disregard of those who would rather see them drown than share a berth.
