The gentlemen stood by the dock in clothing that was as fashionable as it was expensive. The outfits had been purchased specially for this day, of course; last year’s garments may be suitable for navigating, swashbuckling, or dining with provincials, but only the most urbane and eloquent captains walked away from the Prize Court with their fair share in gold. One of them, Elvorno the Black, was adorned in a half mask, and he was known through the Ruined Sea for his habit of sampling the finest spices from the richly equipped merchant caravans he raided for his own table. The other, Davi the White, wore a cloak that reached from his shoulders to his ankles, and he could shoot the spotter out of a crow’s nest at two hundred paces. His pistols were made of the most sumptuous rosewood money could buy, and the rumours were that he treated them like his own children. Four captured ships stood behind them. Their cargo was mostly sugarcane and copper, but the sugar of the first ship was of a rare varietal that would flourish in the plantations of Endralliande. Their planters would pay extravagantly for the seedlings. Only Davi knew of this. The fourth ship contained a false bottom, and within that bottom were held several precursor relics of great value to the Gommo. Only Elvorno knew of this. The judge emerged in a robe redder than Sorncósti wine. “Let these proceedings now commence.” He performed a peculiar bow. “These two captains, Elvorno and Davi, in good standing in the eyes of the Prize Court, now come before it to divide their spoils and reward their crew.” The judge cleared his throat. “The Prize Court, having reviewed the claims of captains Elvorno and Davi, finds no deficiency in conduct, no imbalance in valour, and no procedural fault in seizure. By Case Thirteen Twelve, such prizes shall be awarded by ceremonial standing. Captain Elvorno takes the first and second vessels. Captain Davi, the third and fourth.” The judge raised his hands. “It is finished. The wine gardens await you, gentlemen.” Both captains paled as the implications of the ruling crashed over them at once. They both began to furiously rack their brains for a justification to challenge the ruling of the Prize Court. Yet to their shared dismay, neither could find one.
