Months of daring escapes, of narrowly missed opportunities, of spite and defiance. Now, there was nowhere left to run. The two heroes duelled in the throne room of a realm. One warrior was clad in silversteel, throwing his mighty blade against his enemy in sweeping strikes. The other dodged each one with deftness and grace, then a thrusting spear in reply, and a glancing blow, as the two taunted each other with dreams and defiance. One jab was bound to slip through, though. Fate had decreed it. One warrior let out a rasping breath as he felt the spear tip pierce him. His body seized for a moment, the cutting sword held high. The other ran him through with a final warrior's cry. First the blade clattered to the floor, then his body. The victor rushed over to him as his bodyguards breathed a sigh of relief. The fallen warrior stared high as he rattled through his last breaths. "You fought well, brother," the victor said, as he knelt beside his bitter rival. "It was a glorious stand." He could not taunt him. "They will remember you, for this." The fallen warrior let out a ragged laugh, spoke, "Yes, of course. The fool who thought to challenge fate, the savage who stood against your civilization." "No, not a savage. A warrior. A hero." The victor took the fallen warrior's hand in his. "A true warrior." Then the defiant turned his head, met the conqueror's gaze. His eyes were full of loss, of regret, of failure. "Do you really, truly believe that?" The victor smiled. One last mark of respect to the only hero that had truly stood against him. The fallen warrior saw that smile. In an instant the loss turned to rage. "There will be no warrior." The halfdead elf grabbed the victor's hand very tight, pulled himself up quick. "They will destroy us, they will annihilate us, and you're too blind to see it. Too cowardly to stop it." Each word was forced through frothing blood and gritted teeth, tainted with venom. "You think you're our savior? We condemn you, we deny you. And..." The victor recoiled as his enemy suddenly convulsed with a gritted cry of pain, collapsed to the floor. The fallen warrior let out a ragged breath, his voice dropping to a whisper. "And when you reach the gates of a domain?" He gave the victor one last look. A vendetta eternal in his eyes. "I will be waiting." Another rattling, rasping cough. Then one last defiant smile on his lips. "And there will be retribution."
