Immarel and her bodyguards marched into Krantisor, as members of both the Eiganrac and Taigan Orders entered the town from all approaches. After the fall of Arganjuzorn, and the death of its last ruler, a scion of the house of UmaZomaj, named Artorean, claimed the autumnal blade that once felled Drozmagog. For a while now he had led a spirited resistance, Dracball claiming the lives of many soldiers, but finally he had been tracked down to this town on the river's edge; all they had to do was find him, and Immarel would blast him and his accursed sword to nothing. That was the plan, anyway; but Artorean found them first.  All at once, the entire town exploded into chaos; the sound of clashing swords, hurried and miscast spells and even the scattered cracks of muskets and magelocks. It seemed like every rebel knight in Arganjuzorn burst from Krantisor's houses and cellars. Immarel and her bodyguards were immediately set upon, many falling as they were cut down by Juzornic steel, and as fire and ice engulfed the buildings of the streets, and scorched the pavement stones beneath their feet. Immarel was busy barking orders, providing magic support where it was most desperately needed; too busy to spot the approaching tide of blood and destruction barreling towards her.  When a bodyguard frantically demanded her attention, and she finally turned around to see the disturbance, the LadyMother's eyes went wide. Artorean was surging forward, flashes of precursor steel rending flesh and bone as he cut his way straight towards Immarel with blinding speed and impossible ferocity. Spiralshards of ice blasted the ground where her foe stood, but he was too fast, dodged the attack, and within a moment he was upon her. The guard who had struck her surged forward, but he was cut down nearinstantly; Immarel stepped back as he raised Dracball, but she was too late, and it's edge severed her right arm clean off, pain lancing through her body. She gritted her teeth, raised her left instead as she took another step back, and fired off a desperate volley. She caught Artorean in the middle of his torso with an iceshard, ripping a great hole through his body and sending guts and viscera onto the street behind him, but the last UmaZomaj moved like a man possessed. As the walkingcorpse raised his sword once again, ready to strike a fatal blow as his eyes burned with rage and bloodyvengeance, Immarel fired again, and there was no longer any corpse left to do so.  As the battle still raged around her, Immarel seized Dracball, holding it up to the sky as blood dripped from the remains of her right arm. She held it high, so that all could see, and then surged magic through it with a cry. The steel cracked and splintered, as a swirling vortex of frost and mana surrounded the blade, until finally it could withstand the assault no longer, and shattered.
