The Enlightened Ten wait with bated breath for news of their daring korashi raid on the Command. In the worst case, failure could lead not only to not obtaining any korashi, but to a war with the military juggernaut of Haless. A missive from the captain of the korashi raid was expected days ago, and the mood in the room is dark, as many entertain the possibility that the operation has failed. Suddenly, a familiar face bursts into the room. Galin Karnoris has returned, scorched and bedraggled, clearly exhausted. In his hands he carries a rough sack full of black crystals. He is accompanied by several mage guards who insist on escorting him, unsettled by the crystals. Apparently, they have a very peculiar effect on mages. Not only does close proximity cause nausea and unease, they also perceive them quite differently. To them, the crystals are not just black but almost completely devoid of light, more akin to a void than a crystal. Karnoris is absolutely adamant that this time he has brought korashi, and this time the Enlightened Ten are inclined to believe him. Still, to uphold the rigours of science, they must at least conduct an experiment to verify his claims. As mages and council members watch nervously, a small piece of the supposed korashi is chiselled off and stabbed into the palm of a mage volunteer. Immediately, he complains of dizziness and nausea. He is also completely unable to cast spells; even simple blasts of air and tiny lights elude him while pierced by the korashi, and even after he drops the shard he remains unable to cast anything for several hours. The decision from the Enlightened Ten is unanimous; Galin Karnoris has finally delivered the korashi they seek. Karnoris leaves hours later with a spring in his step, several debts lighter. Immediately, the scientific study of korashi begins. It is quickly determined that it is almost identical to azhalngiv in composition but has an inverse effect, draining mana instead of providing it. This led several of their influential scientists to posit that korashi is produced from azhalngiv, sparking a flurry of questionably safe experiments aiming to replicate it. After a few days of chaos, a gnome has managed to vacuum most of the mana out of a chunk of azhalngiv without the usual catastrophic side effects. Though his method was violent enough to collapse the structure of the crystal, producing a fine black powder rather than a black crystal, the resulting material behaves as a weaker form of the korashi they obtained from the raid. Now that they have replicated it themselves, they need only time to improve upon it. With science on their side, they will do in mere years what took the Oni generations.
