A hundred to zero. The speaker of the parliament exclaimed as the representatives cheered and applauded. The chief representative of the Epednar tribes then spoke. "Work will begin immediately, and soon, I hope to invite all of you to our new home." Cheers and yells were heard from miles around when they arrived, a thousand or more tribesmen, from all corners of the realm and from each and every tribe and subtribe. The warriors plunged their axes and spears into the ground at the ceremonial keeping grounds and the chiefs collected theirs at the central meadows, where the horses grazed and the highest dignitaries of the tribes gathered. A great circle of more than a hundred ceremonial hatches from chiefs great and small was formed, symbolizing peace and forming the literal center of what was to become Ciadhana, the City of the Epednar. Here the tribes would gather to mingle, exchange stories, gifts and promises. They would form friendships, ceremonial alliances and even love would bloom here. The tribes would settle disputes, not through skirmishes but through diplomacy or organized duels. A special judicial committee of highly educated Epednar judges would take permanent residence and have jurisdiction over legal matters. Their education was taken care of via a special course at the UotD called Epednarian Law and Customaries. If a tribe was able to settle a dispute themselves, they would have it written down by the judges. If not, the committee would settle it for them, after which the Plumstead government had the full right to enforce it if necessary. And not only were disputes settled in Ciadhana, it was also the centre of the Ravelian Church in the area. It was the place where Epednar clergymen would follow a special course on the customs of fellow tribes and receive their blessing to proselytize in the Epednar lands. And the city also hosted the Epednar Veridical, who would represent the Epednari tribes in matters of faith. And even though a lot of institutions were housed there, the city was not a city in the traditional Cannorian or Sardan sense. It was mostly a gathering of tents and mobile huts, as most tribes were still nomadic or seminomadic. And even though some would set up permanent residence in the city, they would still refrain from building a house, preferring a life in tents. This great tent city was therefore recognisable not by large illuminated homes but by the thousands of flickering fires from the thousands of elaborately decorated tents. It even boasted a special fire horse mounted fire brigade, which was funnily enough also housed in a large tent. To prevent confusion, most shop owners and innkeepers would build elaborate wooden or even brick facades to denote their profession or the purpose of their building, as behind the facade there was, of course, a tent. And so a city was set up and grew ever more. A haven of peace and unity in a world which sometimes seemed to harbor only resentment and strive. A city for the free folk of the plains, a city of the Epednar.
