The monarch stands on the balcony of the Stone Palace, bathed in the warm light of the midday sun. They gaze down at the gathered crowds, all waiting expectantly to hear their words. It must be nearly half the city, the monarch thinks, for not a single spot on the Plaza of Akals or the streets leading to it is unoccupied. Truly, it is a sight to make Surael proud. But there is no time for reflection—the people have come to hear a speech, and a speech they will get. The monarch clears their throat and begins to speak, their voice echoing throughout the whole of Ekluzagnu. ‘Children of Šad Sur. Children of Surael. Today is truly a beautiful day.’ Cheers rise from the gathered crowd as the monarch proceeds. ‘From the Far Salahad to Sarhal, all are safe beneath Surael’s light. The dreaded gnolls, the eternal scourge of Bulwar, have been laid to ruin. Every last heretic within our lands, be they misguided or malicious, has either seen the light or been forced to bow beneath it. The two greatest tools of the Malevolent Dark have been utterly defeated, never to threaten His Garden again. Bulwar is safe from all threats… all but one.’ For the first time since its restoration, true silence washes over Ekluzagnu. The whole of the city, the whole of Šad Sur, the whole of Bulwar waits in suspense, not knowing what will come next. The monarch closes their eyes for a single moment, allowing the anticipation to build to its peak. Then, they speak once more. ‘The last threat that faces the Garden… is Bulwar itself. As the Šadnatu stood united against the Malevolent Dark, what did Bulwar do? The elfkings in the north claim to be the heirs to Jaher and Jexis, but while we fought off the forces of darkness, they did nothing but fight amongst themselves. In their petty politics, their squabbles for power, they have forgotten their duty to Surael as his Chosen. How Taelarios would weep if he saw what his kin have become. If we wish to see true peace in His garden, then our path is clear. From this day forth Bulwar shall be united, but not under a Phoenix Emperor. No, it shall be united under the Šadnatu, Surael’s most faithful servants. Praise Surael, and may He forever light our path.’ The city stands in stunned silence for what seems like an eternity. Then comes the cry of a single voice from within the crowd, ‘Surael. Surael.’ Slowly, more voices begin to join the chant, building in intensity until the zealous cries of His faithful can be heard across the whole of the continent. In the skies above, the sun seems to shine brighter than ever before. A new dawn has come to Bulwar.
