Do you remember who you once were? If you met them, would they still recognize you, or would they think you a monster? How much of yourself have you lost? And in that losing, what, if anything, remains? You used to be someone, and you are quite sure of this. Did you have a name? Everyone has a name. Those around you refer to you with one; is that yours? Why, then, does it feel so wrong, so wrong, so wrong? Another day passes. Another day passes. Another day passes. The world inches, excruciatingly slow, towards its inevitable end. You hardly feel anything anymore. It has been so long that you have forgotten what feeling feels like. This skin you wear, this mind that is not yours, will never be yours, can never be yours, even as you claw desperately at the thin veil that traps you inside; it is a prison. Outside that prison, tantalizingly close, is hope, despair, joy, sadness, everything that you have lost. You turn over your hands, trace a finger along your veins, and forget what it was like to live; you forgot a long time ago. Hunger. An insatiable hunger that you cannot fulfill, no matter how hard you try. You gorge yourself on this world, consuming without care or thought, but still you are empty. How much more will it take? Is this how you escape? Only by devouring everything else, and then turning inward upon yourself, can you possibly be free from this torment. This is the way. This is the way. This is not the way. This is the way. You yearn to sleep, to dream, to dream of a world in which you were yourself, or perhaps one in which you did not exist. You toss, you turn, but still you remain awake. Or perhaps this itself is the dream, and you are moments away from finally waking up, and seeing that all is well, and you are you. You hope against hope that this is true, but you know deep inside that it is not. The world dies around you. Have you caused this? A long, long, long, long time ago, you might have brought yourself to care. But this is not that time. Goodbye, cruel world. You hope it is as agonizing for them as it is for you.
