The ruler groaned as their headache continued to pulse in protest of the noise of the city. Even though the ancient city had been retaken for quite a while now, the battle to restore the city to its glory days seemed endless. The patricians were tireless in their shameless pursuit of power, promising many boons in return if only the monarch would relinquish some monarchal rights. Even today, large sections of the city remained in ruin, home to beggars, thieves, and other vagabonds. "It’s in the next plaza over, only the finishing details remain," the gruff mason stated. Adûn the Mason was a renowned dwarf stoneworker, invaluable in expanding and restoring ancient Marrhold infrastructure. Even though he lacked deference, there was no one else who the monarch would consider for this monument. As the small royal entourage led into the square, the monarch took in the sight of the clothcovered stone edifice. "Don’t worry about that," Adun grumbled, "It’s just for the weather and dust." Adun motioned for some of his assistants to pull down the drapery, revealing a magnificent sight. A defiant Gryf the Young half stood over his wounded mount Seovol as he held his famous sword, "Feather" towards some unseen foe. They bore the signs of hard-fought battles, their skin rent in areas and their engraved armor dented and scuffed. Around their feet lay more signs of their fighting, weapons and shields lying around in the trampled grass. The two heroes were not alone in their memorial. Around the base of the statue were the names of the knights and their griffons, with those who gave the ultimate sacrifice demarcated with the symbol of Nerat. The unveiling gave the monarch pause, momentarily filled with emotion at the beautiful stonework immortalizing their ancestor. "It’s… It’s beautiful," the monarch choked out. "Thank ye, I think I need to touch up on some feath. Wait, what are you doing?" Adun replied as he watched the monarch walk up to the statue, momentarily pausing to remove their family ring, and placing it at the feet of their forebear. "I promise that your sacrifices will be remembered," the monarch said, directing a number of the entourage to stand guard at the monument until a permanent honor guard could be established.
