The Taran Plains are all yours, my lord," said one of his knights after the last battle was over. Now he alone walked upon the fields cast in shadow. With no moon to keep him company, a distant horse cry made him remember. "All these farms, servants, and the castle are all yours now, my son," said his old lord and father, the day Lucian was knighted just before joining his liege’s army for the Lilac wars. His father gifted him a fine Arbarani Destrier, just like he promised. Clad in full plate, the young knight rode his steed into combat. It was quite a muscular horse with light gray beautiful hair, for which it was given the name "Steel." All fields have become the same now for him. the echo of dead men and horses, burning fields, and the rumble of castles falling to ruin. After "Steel" died skewed by spears on just his third battle, all horses became the same too. The cry came closer. It came, accompanied by torchlight and a sulphuric odor, the oh so familiar scent of ashes, of agony. Lucian quickly turned. A black beast, only distinguishable in the night by its fiery mane illuminating its figure, was scorching the ground that its steelsounding hooves ran over. In pure animalistic fascination and excitement, Lucian threw himself upon the creature. The beast struggled, rampaging. Lucian felt the heat on his cold dead skin. It did not burn; rather, it was warm to him. As his thrill and powerlust grew as a fire, the beast's rage grew too. Grass and trees decorated the night in flames. The vampire did not notice how much time he spent wrestling with the beast. He returned to reason suddenly. Fire was Lucian's only sun in these couple centuries, and now he was riding it. He felt like a child again, a quite sadistic one. He also felt the horse's pain through her rage. But even hell's spawns get tired too, just like Lucian gets tired sometimes. The vampire tightened his grasp, and the Nightmare finally submitted. He, covered in cinder, slowly rode the monster back home and thought clearly again. He wanted more of these. He wanted to see his own blazing knights on hellish steeds, to feed on fear, fascination, and pain. As dawn approached, he entered his lair and named the mare "Agony," as that was her color and Lucian was stained with it.
