As the young lutist played and sang, his expression shifted from resignation to sadness. When the boy at last put down his lute and bowed, a single tear welled and wended its way through the channels of the Great Wyrm's facial scales. After a pause, Balris opened his mouth and began to speak. "Oh my, it truly has been an age and a half since I heard that particular song," he sighed. "When I left your people to discover the fates of my brethren, I had only intended to be gone for a short while. For a century or more I soared on the winds of every sky on tired wings, walked the streets of every city in mortal guise, searching in desperation for any clue I could, but in the end, I found that most of my kin were slain and the trails of the rest went cold, so I gave up hope. In my despair, I retired here, resigned to the probability that I am the last of my kind. To little avail, I tried to forget Jyntas' wit, Aakhet's passion, Alos' courage." There was a catch in the Dragon Sage's throat, and another tear ran down his great, golden face. Then, he drew in a great breath, rising to his feet, fresh snow from the previous night's storm cascading from his colossal back and wings. "All I managed to forget was the warmth and joy of my time among the Goldscales. Your performance, little one," he said, smiling down at the young musician, "has reminded me. Thank you. Truly, Kiu's spirit is alive in your heart. What is your name?" "BBatavix, my Lord," the boy stammered, shaking in the snow, but still managing to meet the Wyrm's gaze. "Well, Batavix, one cannot wallow forever, even one as long lived as I," Balris declared. "I think it is high past time for my vigil here to end. I suppose I shall come visit." The crowd roared, as Batavix was lifted up and paraded around the caldera. The cheering began working its way down Balris' Rest, infecting the kobolds below, and it was not long before the entire one hundred seventy mile caravan knew. Balris continued, "Now if you all don't mind, it's terribly early, and I'd like to sleep some more." With that said, most of the Goldscales began the arduous journey back to Balriza, pondering on how not to disappoint Balris when he arrives.
