While clearing forests and levelling hills to make way for farmland, a group of labourers came across a manmade stone dome barely peeking out of the ground. As labourers dug around to dislodge what they thought was a random rubble as was common near the ruins of Panu Karqaslu, more ornate stone emerged and it became clear they were dealing with no mere rubble but a buried structure.  An archaeological team led by Temenos Fula painstakingly excavated around the structure for months until an ancient Karqaslu temple, from the imperial period, emerged. The discovery of a near perfectly preserved temple was perplexing as almost all of Panu Karqaslu’s ruins tended to be aboveground and buried ruins were always decayed beyond recognition. The stone used was suspected to be from the Serpentreach Mountains, but not of Dwarven craftsmanship. After dispelling the magical lock, they entered a grand atrium but found not a place of common prayer, rather a ceremonial hall lined with dozens of columns. Each column was chiselled with images of Karqaslu’s founding, rise and ended most curiously with Karqaslu’s conquest of all of Kheterata, an historic event which never occurred. After further investigation the team found a hidden staircase under a grand headless statue of Karqaslu emperor and arrived at a storage room. Inside was thousands of lavish silver magical helmets, armour which cost a fortune for even the wealthiest modern empires let alone ones of antiquity. The magical implements which Temenos Fula brought to examine the helmets all malfunctioned in the presence of the helmets. While others who put on the helmets reported hearing strange voices emanating not from the helmets but within their skulls, with the noises persisting for days after being taken off. After the Akal visited the storage room, they were intrigued by the most elegant helmet perched on a pedestal which no one had been able to move. The Akal picked up the helmet with great ease and placed it atop their head.
