With a great splash, the harpoon boat drops into the ocean. With oars slicked and face blinded by ocean spray, it took all of the ruler's effort just to cling on and follow the fragile craft's captain's orders. The ruler's world narrowed to a single action. that of pulling and resetting and pulling and resetting the oar. An eternity later, the call to slow down was finally yelled, a sign that the harpoon boats were close to the whale. All eyes were focused on the harpooners now, who stood ready with weapons in hand. "Fire." And suddenly, their missiles arc high like shooting stars, glinting in the sunlight. For a split second, it seems that all will miss, but one embeds itself in the right flank of the whale. The oarsmen, including the ruler, explode into action, frantically pumping their oars to get away as fast as possible, lest the whale's thrashing score a direct hit on the fragile craft. The whale darts left, then right, trying desperately to dislodge the harpoon in its flank, a crimson cloud billowing out from the wound. Unsuccessful, it dives, and the harpoon rope starts to whip and unwind from the boat. Abruptly, the rope snaps taut, having gotten tangled on a piece of wood. The harpoon boat starts to get dragged to and fro, at risk of capsizing unless something is done. As the ruler is closest, they put all their might into dislodging the rope. With a final burst of adrenaline, the rope breaks free. The ruler narrowly avoids getting hit as the pent up tension breaks spins the rope outward. With the rope free, the boat settles. Eventually, the rope stops unwinding as the whale runs out of breath and starts streaking toward the surface again. The other harpoon boats take full advantage as it surfaces and lance the whale, aiming to pierce any of its vital organs. Weakened so, the whale's movements slow, until it ceases entirely. Ragged cheers rise up among the crew; finally, the culmination of months of tracking, and a guarantee of payout once back at port. Now, the crew set to the exhausting task of butchering the whale, before sharks and scavengers can set upon the carcass. Afterwards, it was back to the home domain. The crew looks to the ruler with newfound respect for their bravery, and tales of what has happened will surely spread like wildfire.
