Snow fell as the Taigan Order soldiers piled the last of the Tuathak bodies before her. The taking of Darblath had been extremely costly, with the IceWarded Walls of the city giving Immarel a great challenge, but in time they had fallen before Immarel and her forces, and the city was now under Snecboth control once again. Despite the cost, however, the Everfrost Prince had taught her something; behind every victory on the field lay another, hidden success. As her arcane powers grew, it had become necessary for her to trial her newfound abilities on increasingly grander scales, in preparation for what the Everfrost Prince had assured her would be a most taxing ritual. And so, after Darblath had fallen, Immarel had ordered her soldiers to gather as many dead warriors in the city together as they could. The result was a horrific affair, and though the bodies had been frozen through magic to stop much of the decay, the sight of so many dead still brought unease to some of the assembled officers. But Immarel knew, of course, that such a display paled in comparison to the numbers killed by the Tuathak. A fitting punishment. Immarel's guards turned with a start as a white elk approached from behind. When she turned around however, she waved them off as the rider dismounted; he was the Everfrost Prince in disguise, an antlered white helmet over his head to conceal his otherworldly appearance. He leaned close to Immarel, and spoke with his usual glacial demeanor. "This is only the beginning. When you have reached the heights of power, you shall be able to command the very world as you would these soldiers. Remember this." Immarel nodded, stepping forward as the Everfrost Prince watched on alongside her bodyguards. She raised her arms. The blue glow of magic engulfed the square, as limbs within the tangle of bodies began to twitch and shudder. Soon, there was true movement; unnatural, stiff movement, as if the bodies were being puppeteered by some invisible master above them. Then, the pile came alive, as hundreds, then thousands of undead began to reanimate fully. Immarel strained under the stress of the spell as her head began to ache and her arms began to burn with exertion, but soon enough she managed to wrestle full control of the assembled host. A few commands, and the mass before her had moved into some grim imitation of an organized force. Immarel smiled.
