That's it? That is seriously the biggest creature you’ve ever seen in your own lands? Crooked Ears laughed and almost fell off his horse when Rogier described the animals of his home region. To a Damerian, the bear was one of the most fearsome and most dangerous land animals to exist, alongside wolves or wild hogs. But to the Epednar these were nothing but small play. "I’ll show you a great beast, and then you’ll rethink what dangerous is." Crooked Ears said with both amusement and a slight hint of seriousness. Rogier was skeptical, even though he deeply respected the traditions and superstitious myths of his friend. "Yeah right, as if beasts can be as big as some of your kin said, I don’t believe you. Whales, the size of hills or even mountains which devour whole villages? Those are just landslides, nothing more." They continued their travels, Rogier's cart being filled with a menagerie of pots, pans and other metal trinkets which Crooked Ears had bought for his family and friends. And then all of a sudden, a loud roar was heard, one which did not seem to die down; it instead only seemed to get louder. And before either could act, they were flanked by a group of Epednar, who rushed towards the noise. "What is going on?" Rogier asked. Crooked Ears answered, with a smirk. "Well, a landslide, or as we call it Posakawa. Let us wait here, so those men can deal with the whale." And when it came crashing down just mere meters in front of them, Rogier couldn't believe what he was seeing. A massive whalelike creature, with a skin of stone, rushed down the slope, Epednar hunters following it down with spears and ropes. They hunted this great beast not only to use it for food, materials or rites of passage, but also because it could destroy a whole village in just one slide if they were not careful. And so Rogier became one of the first Plumsteaders who could verify the existence of the Posakawa Whales to the Plumsteader government. He warned them that even Plumstead City itself could be at risk and advised the state to be vigilant and watch the ruincliffs and the mountains where the beasts were said to reside.
