In the Great Hall of the village of Daidh, a massive host was assembled. Hundreds of Snecboth warriors, nobles, and burghers had joined Immarel and the Whitehand and Winterstrider rulers of Gelcolle and Reotcrab, in celebration of the unity of the Winter Court and the Snecboth people in their fight against Winter. Meat, drink, and merriment were abundant. Even Immarel, normally stoic and always fixated on some goal or other, seemed totally at ease. But, as with that stoic and calm demeanor, this was but a facade over her true feelings. In truth, she was nervous; there were constant rumblings in her circle about the disloyalty of Gemradcurt's comrades in arms, and some even wished for them to be brought under Immarel's personal control entirely. And, of course, there were many among the vassals’ people who chafed under the Taigan Order's control. When one of these advisors, a high-ranking member of the Taigan Order, had approached her the night before with a plan to wipe out the leadership of Gelcolle and Reotcrab at the great feast, and secure Gemradcurt's authority over the north in one fell swoop, she had waved him away; but she had not denied him. She knew, even as she played the merry ally of the two Dukads on the dais, that many Gemradcurters in the room had their eyes on her, waiting for a signal to strike. Abruptly, Immarel stood up and called for quiet. The Gemradcurters did so quickly, as if they had just been ordered to do so by a commanding officer, but the Gelcollers and Reotcrabers took some time to get settled. She raised her glass to the assembled Snecboth. "Ten years ago, the nations of the north joined together to stand against the Autumnal invaders, and since then, we have fought alongside each other as siblings. We've gained victory after victory, and now we're at the precipice of securing the future of the Winter Court forevermore." The hall erupted into cheers. After it died down, Immarel continued. "But still, there exist divisions among us, cracks in the unity that has been so essential to our success." Immarel saw one of the officers on the tables place a hand on her sword. She only had to say the word, and the room would erupt into blood. "But that ends today. At this feast, in this hall, we shall build a brighter future, and strengthen the machine that will destroy the Tuathak once and for all. And we can only do that."
