Horutep stood outside the great temple in Aakheta. It was a wretched and heretical place, and though Horutep wished to burn it down dearly, there were many of his subjects who thought of this Aakhet the Bronze as an object of worship rather than an object of mockery. Despite this, a summons from the dragon was not an everyday occurrence. Hours later, he was rethinking his decision to go to the temple. The temple of Aakhet was seemingly composed of infinite rooms, and Horutep knew full well that the dragon was toying with him. Finally, Horutep reached a central room filled with gold and riches, but no dragon. Just when Horutep had determined that the summons was some form of juvenile power game and was preparing to leave, the hoard began to quake. The hoard burst into blue flame, and from the molten gold emerged a man, seemingly carved from bronze. He was only a head taller than Horutep, but his presence filled the entire room. “Who dares disturb the worship of my subjects?” Aakhet boomed. “I am Aakhet the Immortal, ruler of Kheterata, guardian of Aramoole, father of the Ahati…” It appeared as though he was going to go on like this for a while. As Horutep made himself comfortable, he felt sympathy for the way he made all of his subjects stand to attention until the tribunes had finished reading off his list of titles. Horutep decided to occupy himself by seeing how many times he could throw a ruby scepter up into the air and catch it with his nondominant paw. He had reached two hundred and fifty five repetitions when he noticed the dragon staring at him. "Not bad, gnoll.” Aakhet clasped his hands together. “But you still have not answered my question. Why do you disturb the worship of my subjects?” At this point, Horutep merely wished to go home. “There are two problems with your statement, mighty Aakhet.” Horutep said. “The first is that they are my subjects, not yours. The second is that I have not disturbed their worship. If you wanted to maintain their following, you should have considered instructing them to pray harder.” The dragon’s countenance twisted, and Horutep thought to himself that his goading might have been unwise. As Horutep began preparing for a fight, the dragon burst out laughing. “Finally, someone with a sense of humor.” Aakhet held out a hand. “I am Aakhet the Bronze; we may dispense with formalities. We have much to discuss. Tell me, gnoll, do you play the Game of Khet?”
