Surga, her family and a dozen other orks were chained to the floorboards of a cart, rumbling along a dirt road towards the Alen; they had been sold to Vertesker slave traders by their former master only days ago, and yet the time stretched interminably. Theirs was not the only cart in the convoy; five other carts had joined them on their journey to their uncertain future. The day had been long and Surga was thirsty, hoping against the odds that their new owners remembered to give them some water while they waited for the river ferry. Their destination lay on the other river side, and the ferry was the only way for miles to get the carts across.  Suddenly a commotion broke out, the slavers frantically waving to a flathulled ferry just returning from the opposite shore of the river. Turning her head, she saw a dust cloud approaching their convoy. Soon the sound of galloping horses could be heard and the mercenaries hired by the slavers had assumed a defensive position. A patrol of knights charged into the ranks of the mercenaries, and soon a desperate struggle ensued. Her cart was rolling onto the deck of the ferry as the last mercenary fell to the blow of a saber. The slavers rushed for cover ondeck, abandoning the remaining carts. The knights rushed towards the ferry; just as it cast off, Surga’s arm was grabbed. She watched as the chain linking her to the cart and her parents’ was cleaved with a decisive stroke. Futilely reaching for her parents, a desperate Surga could do nothing but slowly watch them disappear, carried on the boat into the river fog.  It was the last time she would ever see them, but her mother’s cries still echoed in her mind. For years after, she  dreamed up scenarios in her mind: ‘What if the cart got onto the ferry just a bit faster?’, ‘what if the knights were fast enough to catch her parents cart?’. On and on in circles she trod, but with each day resignation gnawed at the fringes of her hopes. Eventually, only the weary acceptance that she would never again see her parents was left.
