The lord is welcomed with feasts, and a great joust is hosted outside the Dome Palace with knights from every corner of the south in attendance. The banner of the golden waterwheel joins the golden dome to wave in unison across every tower and wall of the city, and deafening cheers and joyous music thunder at the sight of the lord receiving the official legal invitation to join the ranks of the Dynastic republic. When the night is old and the last feasters stumble drunkenly to their chambers a soft voice wakes the lord from his bed. "My lord, you must follow," says a hooded figure, showing in his hand a crest of a singular lidless eye. The agent leads on through many long halls, and secret passages through the woven tree and leaf which makes part of the Palace's structure. He stops at a large chamber, where the air is cold and the torchlight spills onto the golden wall, ceiling and floor. There awaits the lord of Stanyrhrada. Alone and unarmed, he nods to his new company and places a hand on the wall in front of him. There on the wall are words written in ynnic script, in a language the lord has never seen, not Sarda, Dolindhan, Rzentur nor even a Buycev tongue, but its flow and accents spark some recognition within their mind. "This is written Brefineis is it not? What would cause the lost tongue of our ancestors to be found this far to the south?" "What I know is this was made in the last days of Demirad 'the Overseer'," says the lord of Stanyrhrad quietly. "To us of Stanyrhrad it seemed but odd carvings, yet upon your uh, 'servants' discovering it I am informed there is more behind this than we knew." He gestures at the torchholding agent, "He says we can open it, should" "at once." After long minutes of whispering and tinkering at the words a sound like fingers softly sliding over fine glass mixed with the whirr of many wheels fills the hall. A small gap opens and from it, the agent pulls a magnificent item. An antlered amulet, golden and attached to a thick iron necklace glistens in the firelight. It is beaten, not wrought, and its rigid greaves depict the clear features of a laughing Whitetail Fox within a Golden Wheel.
