Sun shined through the stained glass windows of the new royal palace in Ardent Keep. The throne room was packed as chiefs and nobles stood in rows. Human, ork, and halfork alike stood side by side as they awaited the event. Shamans stood by the throne while priests of Corin stood by the back, mentally preparing for the coronation to begin. I took a deep breath as I walked through the open doors. I wore a royal gown modified to be more orkish along with a furlined cape. Walking forward, I passed by the masses who assembled to witness this moment. Orks from across Escann have gathered to watch the event along with several emissaries from Corintar. By the time I reached the throne, the horns were silenced as I took my seat. Lothane walked forwards and announced, “We have gathered here today to witness the coronation of Queen Arosha Oakbreaker, my friend and fellow companion of Corin. I know Arosha like a sister. We sparred in our free time and, barring Corin, she is my greatest friend. We fought in Castonath together, where she slew two of Korgus’s sons and held the reinforcements at bay so Corin could make her sacrifice. After Corin’s ascension, I suggested that Arosha join her fellow friends in Corintar. She refused. She wanted to save her fellow orks from being killed by adventurers. She could have had a comfy spot in Corintar, but she risked it all to go to Clouded Eye to save it. And for that, Arosha is, without a doubt, one of the most selfless and heroic people I have ever known.” Lothane finished as he went back to his spot in the crowd. The horns began to play again as the shamans and priests approached together. The head shaman stood first and waved his staff. “Arosha Oakbreaker, by the power of the Clouded Eye, I bless you with the strength to fight, the wisdom to rule, and the courage to lead.” Next came the High Priestess of Corin in Clouded Eye, a young halfork woman. She held a crown with a ruby gem in the back with an opal resembling the Clouded Eye in the front and had a replica of Corin’s sword strapped to her side. She held the crown over my head and announced, “Arosha of clan Oakbreaker, by the power of the goddess of war and justice, I proclaim you Queen of Clouded Eye.” The crown was lowered on my head. The crowd watched in awe as I stood up. I raised my hands and began my speech.
