Standing by the river, amidst the grassy fields of Hehaine’s eastern banks, her hair flows with the river’s current in the mild wind. "Stop staring, Pari. Oh, this is embarrassing." "Hush, give me a moment." "After rejecting all those Nobles and their bouquets, a human? You can’t be serious…" "Well. maybe I was just not" A sudden interruption, brought about by her own thoughts. Approaching the two friends, a young man, no older than thirty, walks confidently towards them. Pari’s friend glances at her, "Are you blushing? You’re blushing, aren’t you?" Shaking and confused, she replies, "Stop it you." as the man draws nearer. One hand rests on his sword hilt, the other gently following his steps. He finally speaks, "Fair ladies. A moment of your time, if I may." The two elves brace for the encounter, and Pari is rooted in place, her cheeks the brightest blush. The man bows gently, offering his hand, which Pari accepts with a trembling grasp. "A lovely afternoon to you." He rises to meet their gaze. "Drosten Brightsprings; adventurer of Themarennic calling, at your service." Moments pass, there is no reply. "Ahem" he clears his throat, "May I ask the lovely lady her name?" he inquires, glancing at the Elf’s hand still holding his. Embarrassed, she quickly withdraws her hand, "Pari, a pleasure." "The pleasure is all mine." replies the man with a charming smile. Turning to Pari’s companion, he continues, "Oh. And how could I forget." as he repeats the gesture. "Cyralyn, nice meeting you," replies the other woman begrudgingly, noting Drosten’s gaze lingering on Pari. "Excuse my bluntness, but seeing you fair ladies alone, I couldn’t help but ask" The adventurer takes a moment to look ahead of where the elves stood. "Do you happen to be with another group? My fellows and I, sailing down from Ibevar, wondered if you’d join our barge." Taken aback, Cyralyn looks to discover Pari completely frozen and speechless. Such an offer would scandalize Ibenionian norms, but their new human overlords have different ideas on social customs. "We’d be honored to have you. We have bards, magicians, and most importantly, good cooks onboard. It will be an experience of a lifetime." Before Cyralyn could respond, Pari’s deepest thoughts escape her lips, "YES."
