Dasmatuš has been a part of Šad Sur for many years now, but one point of tension still remains. The Old Sun Cult still holds considerable sway over the city, with its priests holding countless local administrative positions. As they are still technically devotees of Surael, our policy on this has remained lenient—we know they will inevitably accept the true Chosen given time, for it is His truth. However, the Order of the Zenith has vehemently denounced the continued presence of heretics within our Akalate. They say, "If we were willing to burn the False Prophet all those years ago, why have we not given these apostates the same treatment?" They simply do not understand the nuance of the situation. We will not burn a city that has shown us nothing but loyalty, no matter how heretical their beliefs. It started quite small. A representative present in Dasmatuš would get into heated arguments with the local clergy, some of which would turn violent or even deadly. The Order demanded an increased presence in the city, claiming a need to maintain stability and prevent further deaths. We agreed, as there was no reason to get on the Order’s bad side over an issue such as this. Then, powerful Old Sun Cult priests began to turn up murdered on the streets, their throats cut in the dark of night. The Order blamed this on local extremists trying to incite violence—another excuse to send more representatives. Soon enough, their presence in the city far outstripped that of the local militia. You could not turn a corner without seeing a pair of Order peacekeepers patrolling the streets. In hindsight, we should have seen this coming. This morning, without our knowledge or prior approval, armed representatives forcibly rounded up every single priest in the city with known ties to the Old Sun Cult. Even those that had long since embraced the true path of Surael were not spared, accused of being false converts. They were tied up, paraded to the city center, proclaimed guilty of heresy, and burned alive at the stake. The representatives then marched through the city, burning down every last temple that they judged heretical and slaughtering any who tried to resist. It was little more than a bloodbath. If the mayor himself—luckily a close friend of the Akal—had not threatened the Order with a charge of outright treason, we do not know how much further they would have gone. Though the fires are out, Dasmatuš lies burnt and broken, a shadow of its former self. The Order has far overstepped their bounds, and they know it. The Akal has demanded the heads of all who were involved in plotting this conspiracy and given a personal apology to the people of Dasmatuš, but it is unlikely much more will be done. Neither we nor the Order want things to escalate further, so it is best to simply brush this matter under the rug. What is done is done, and the past cannot be changed. Regardless, the presence of the Old Sun Cult in the city has been all but eliminated, with any survivors hastily converting or fleeing north to Bulwar. If there is one silver lining to this situation, it is that we are unlikely to see any further religious tension here.
