It was done. After years of work, the new clan capitals were built. The villages of Westgate, Elderlan, Steelhyl, Dogwood, and Gulenhyl were now proper cities. They had proper streets now, though mostly repaired Castellyrian roads. The crumbling walls and buildings were disassembled and used to build new walls and structures. In Westgate, the new clan capital was rebuilt to have the White Walls act as the western city wall. Merchant caravans traveled on new brick roads through the gate, paying an adequate toll. In the middle of the city, a manor belonging to the chief of Severed Ear stood. The chief gave a nod as he entered his home. In Elderlan, farms stretched as far as the eye could see surrounding the city. Trees lined the roads as an iron statue of Korgus Dookanson stood in the center of the city. A training field stood outside the walls, where warriors flocked to be trained in the Badram Turyul, or berserker way. While the Bloodgorger chief was suspicious of their intentions, he didn’t stop them from building. In Gulenhyl, the Royal Mints were now in the heart of the city. Armored carriages were often seen carrying coins from the mints to the rest of the kingdom. In the main plaza in front of the manor, a golden statue of Arosha Oakbreaker stood atop a fountain. Mother Arosha was the heart of Unguldavor, and they wouldn’t be here without her. The current Clouded Eye chief greeted the monarch warmly and invited the ruler to the manor for dinner, but the ruler politely refused. In Steelhyl, the city walls and roads were reinforced with iron. Every day, weapons and armor would be sold to caravans from across Escann, making Steelhyl one of the richest cities in Unguldavor. The chief of Bladebreaker’s manor sat atop a hill overlooking the city. The chief was glad to have their investments in his city, but was stoic enough to not let it show. In Dogwood, all the monarch could say was that they tried. The city itself was unique as it was constructed out of hardwood covered in coating to keep the wood from rotting or burning. It was a beautiful city. The only issue was that the chiefess of Dogeater hated it. She took her loyalists and left, leaving it mostly abandoned. As the monarch sat in the palace in the capital, one thought rose above the rest.
