It was a glorious day, a day quite out of character, when the sun fought with the gusts off the Giant’s Grave and delivered a gorgeous warmth tempered by the breeze. It seemed that nobody had ever been so happy. Karsten was carried half the way down the hill until his older brother got tired and gave up, and nobody seemed annoyed even a little that he was tagging along behind them; nobody shooed him from the group. They met the many streams of people feeding into the dockmarkets, trying to anticipate the progress of Crovis’ parade. A name whispered for so long; now a name shouted by thousands. The people of the realm had gathered to cheer Crovis’ arrival, and Karsten joined them, nudging through a forest of legs with his big brother until they were right at the front. Nobody today could begrudge a child a position right up front; nobody today could begrudge each other anything. Someone passed a beetroll, and Karsten happily munched at it. He was in his older brother’s arms again, for the better view, when Crovis finally rode past. Infinitesimally slow, Crovis’ progress, for he stopped to speak with practically everyone he saw. He was not a remarkable looking fellow, his face a little pinched, his eyes the Vrorenson cornflower blue, though he was tall and strong enough; he was made handsome by the fact of the day, by the glory around him and within him. Then Crovis was stopping to speak with Karsten’s older brother, impossibly; Karsten himself came over all shy, and hid in his brother’s shoulder, and was most surprised when Crovis reached down and seated him on his horse, laughing. A glorious day. Karsten sat in front of Crovis on the horse, and overcoming his shyness began to wave at the crowd, and was carried right the way across the square, a prince for an hour. Such magnanimity the young King showed, for that was what he was; King of Vrorenmarch, and liberator of the entire Reach. And if old men watched and feared for a King who was barely a boy, Karsten did not notice them.
