A great man stands upon a dark, grassy hill, gazing up at the clear night sky. He sees not the stars, nor the moon, but three paper lanterns fluttering in a wind he could not feel. A fourth lays at his feet, bereft of flight far too early, and solemnly awaiting the company of its three wayward lights. The great man’s eyes blink away absent tears, his heart filled with futile regrets as he proclaims a vow. these remaining three lanterns shall never fall from the sky so long as he can offer them his aid. He would invoke the winds, halt the sun’s rise, and muster the heart of the land to prevent these ailing lights from touching the ground once more. And so he did, and so he will do, for as long as he clings to all that is, all that was, and all that will be. A man does not stumble into greatness, witless and ignorant of the principles and schemes of those beneath him. No, a great man carves himself into the flesh of history, leaving scars and gashes that will not fade until long after he dies. Caoban Sang did just this. he carved his legacy into the Thidinkai, mutilating virtue and supplanting rectitude with each well-considered slash of his knife, all to ensure what he built did not fall. Yet it would seem that morality and integrity are entwined concepts, not as easily defiled as Sang once thought. The only three lanterns in his night sky sought to undo him. His three beloved sons, to whom he would do almost anything for, desired the one thing he could not give them. They wished for the dissolution of Baihon Xinh, of the house that would carry on Sang’s memory after his death. A scheme, one to divide the foundations of his home between the three of his sons, was crafted in secret, according to a close advisor of Sang. His Giadinh would soon crumble. A man is driven to greatness by the quality of his character. valor, hope, and probity. Qualities absent in lesser men compel him to greater heights, yet one trait that had been unknown to him for nearly two decades finally reared its head once again. Fear. Fear that once again, those closest to him would seek to undo his life, to mend the wounds he has left upon the world, to erase him from the minds of those that he seeks to impress.
