Tracing south from the Godshield, the Ivetasananthor traced the edge of the Khenak, tracking south along the coast to the strait of stone, before setting out across the Divenhal. Trekking south across the sea, the hunters made landfall in the city of Deshak, and through the songs of the local humans, learned that the Stonewing harpies had indeed settled in Akasik, and their roosts had long been a haven in the dry mountains of this rugged land. Yet darker songs they sang also, of war and slaughter, and the breaking of those who called this place home, under gnollish whip and blade. So it was with fear in their hearts that the Ivetasananthor took to the mountains, and yet nothing could have prepared them for what they saw. For there were roosts there, but they were hollow and empty. And the stones of every perch they found sang the same silent dirge. A song of broken homes, shattered eggs and halls burnt black with demonfire. Of the Stonewing flocks, nothing was left, but the odd fragment of bone, bearing the mark of gnollish fang and flame. Many hunters grew to hate the gnolls, and many more had their faith in their hunt shaken. But one day, a pair of hunters returned to their dour flock, carrying with them a human, who invited them to her village. Upon their arrival, she spoke to them thusly. "You are the eyes of distant Harpylen, and I know not your queen. But you have freed us from the yoke of demons, and for this alone will we trust you." Then the human turned her head, and nodded in signal, and from the dark doors of many houses, did harpies cautiously emerge. Most of them were young, and all had a distant, harried look to them. All bore scars of battle and abuse, and their eyes were hard with mistrust. Yet for all that, they lived. The hunters would soon find many such distant places in the mountains, where the humans of Akasik had shielded their kin from gnollish wrath. In so doing they had saved their flocks, and it would be said that the Stonewing were named, not for their wings, but for the bonds they had forged with the humans of Akasik.
