A brisk but invigorating breeze gusted across the roads, plazas and walkways of the capital, setting banners, drapes and cleaned laundry hung out to dry alike aflutter. The monarch enjoyed the way the wind played with their feathers as they strode purposefully towards the amphitheater overlooking a steep precipice at the edge of this level of the roost. As soon as they found their seat, signaling the choirmistress with a slight nod that this evening's spectacle may begin, the chorus began to weave together the first of increasingly complex harmonies that soon reverberated through the quiet dusky air. The flaming disk of the sun had just sunk beneath the horizon as the Sanarenni amongst the singers worked their magic and multihued ribbons of light began to spill forth from their lips and danced across the amphitheater in step with the music, creating a dreamlike atmosphere. After several hours more, all too soon for those privileged enough to enjoy it, the concert ended. On the leisurely way back to the palace, the monarch struck up a conversation with Jorouna the Vetaunyastu, the leader of the Vetaunyar mages of Harpylen and one of their closest advisors. "You know, it is one of the great tragedies of this world that so few of our people, let alone the teeming masses beyond our borders, will ever have the sublime pleasure of hearing a truly skillful Sanarenni chorus weave their voices together to fashion a marvellous yet ephemeral work of magic." "As usual, your words carry wisdom, my monarch. Unfortunately, my disciples are too few in number to have one of them sent to every town and hamlet in our lands, let alone an entire choral gathering." "If only there was a way to enhance and preserve the power of their songs in the hearts of our people, even long after a Vetaunyar has flown onward to their next destination; for our songs should be cherished and preserved in the world's memory." "You know, the monarch, there might actually be something we can do about this. Let me assemble my most promising disciples and most ingenious crafters of artifacts and see if we can construct an instrument to accompany and enhance the allure of our voices; have it fashion a lasting home in the hearts and minds of the people." "What an intriguing idea, you have my approval to proceed at once."
