Immarel pored over the reports in her hands, concern written on her face. After the troubles of the past few years, Immarel admittedly had a slight paranoid streak. Various institutions were chafing under the new restrictions placed upon them, to be sure, but she hadn't expected such a wide ranging conspiratorial circle to arise. They did not plan her overthrow, no, but they did engage in every other manner of treason available to them. A cabal of figures from the clergy, nobles, merchant guilds, the Taigan Order and even the Eiganrac, dedicated to skirting government policy, conducting banned or restricted activities, and attempting to gain undue influence over Immarel herself. That last one was especially disconcerting; how far into her inner circle had this group reached? The LadyMother looked up at the Eiganrac captain who had given her the reports, one Mitarel Sendolm, standing to attention in front of her leader's desk. She was short, and her dyed red hair cut a dramatic contrast with her snowwhite skin. Immarel could see where her nickname, "the Bloody Lady," came from. She had a certain brutality and ruthless efficiency behind her eyes that, though the LadyMother tried not to show it, unsettled Immarel. And her record, of course, spoke for itself. "This is concerning, Captain Sendolm. I don't suppose you have any ideas on how to dismantle this force, do you? They are influential; I don't want something like the Red Winter to happen again." "With respect, Ma'am, I think that a light touch would bring that closer to reality." Mitarel smirked. "I propose a simpler solution, and one that I think will solve this problem handily. Arrest them all, kill any true traitors and send the rest to the Reotkests." Immarel raised an eyebrow; she had expected it, but did she really think such an open reaction wouldn't inflame tensions? "The longer you let this fester, my Lady, the bigger the problem grows. Why not cut it out at the source?" Immarel shook her head, looking back at the reports. She knew Mitarel's words had some truth to it; and Immarel did have far more control now than she did back then. At last, she gave in, filing the papers away. "Alright, Captain. I'm giving you free reign over this. Do not disappoint me." Mitarel's smirk turned into a full smile. "I will make sure I don't, my Lady. I haven't received my awful nickname for nothing, after all."
