They had made a basecamp for the expedition in one of the old underground storerooms; their gains had been stacked high. Nanru Nakar’s undercity had been wondrous, a titanic warren of passages, cavernous warehouses, underground bunks for slaves. What the Precursors lacked in morality, they made up for in sheer, magnificent power. Karodir knew the folly of seeking that trade. But he pushed his dreams of rekindled hearts and rejuvenated divinity aside, and grimaced as he took stock of reality. “It’s not enough.” The Exemplar commander beside him sighed. “We’ve been down here for weeks, and it’s not enough? Even if we deny the Mudaliars’ share?” “We’ll deny them. It’s still not enough.” Karodir grumbled as he checked the assembled relics. “We need more spell focuses to repair the evokers, more precursor steel for capacity, encased Dames tear for the conduits. No… it’s not enough. We’ll need to take from the Nakari. And we’ll need to take a lot.” “The temples,” another of the Exemplars said. “So we’ll just walk in, storm the reliquaries, and take them?” Karodir rubbed at his chin. It was enticing. But the Taychendi held to their gods well, and their temples were sacred ground; the Precursor relics held there were used by the heroes they worshipped, given out only to those who emulated them, patronized their cults. The Exemplars could do so—give gold, other rewards, certain liberties. Or they could try to “scorn” them. He had heard precedent of it. The Taychendi felt some godheroes too evil for worship, suppressed their cults. Yodhan, Valkadevu, Ebenanth… violent, easy to convince Ecaris to outlaw them, get some of the Taychendi, at least, to go along with it—but the gods of the Mudaliars? It would take effort, but could yield fruit, down the line. Or they could just storm the temples, take what they need. Violate their sanctity, take without recourse. But didn’t they need them more than the Taychendi, really? Couldn’t the Exemplars be trusted more? Didn’t these trinkets not really matter, in the end? Karodir turned to the Exemplars, and with a king’s voice, spoke.
