Fumanekilnya entered the room, accompanied by a young boy, his nephew and guide, carrying a heavy looking bag. The renowned Griot and former warrior, blinded in battle against the lizardfolk, had been tasked some time ago with leading the research in lizardfolk culture. He now requested an audience with the Medaka in order to share his discoveries. "My Medaka, today I bring you two invaluable pieces of information. One a great opportunity, the other a dire warning." Fumanekilnya shifted his staff in the air and softly hit his nephew’s head, prompting the kid to take a large scroll out of his bag. It depicted many green dragons flying above a burning city. "This is a copy of a mural found in a lizardfolk temple. It speaks of what they call the Greenblight, a dragon attack that their civilization suffered in ancient times and that almost wiped them out, unfortunately not completely. Knowing there is a dragon alive in the North, I trust you can figure the obvious next step yourself." As soon as he finished speaking a second staff strike, this time a bit stronger, hit the boy’s head, causing him to quickly take out a smaller scroll filled with the multicolored scripture of the lizardfolk. "This one contains one of the many narrations of the prophecy of the three hundred thirty-third empire, the cornerstone of the lizard’s faith. It tells of three hundred thirty-two empires of lizardfolk that have come to be and fallen in the past, and of a final one that will unite their lands under its rule and last for all eternity. I told you it was a dire warning, for if this were to come true, our conquests would undoubtedly be lost and our people wiped from existence." The Medaka tried to speak, but was promptly interrupted by a loud crash, as Fumanekilnya hit the ground with his staff with such force that it broke in two. "But I have not come here to foretell doom and do nothing about it. I will join your court immediately, and continue my research here with your support. Wise Nyokyora would not have led us all the way here to abandon us to our death." Without another word the Griot left, with his nephew hurriedly following him, leaving behind a shocked and confused Medaka.
