Goody Pope sat in the audience, satisfied that justice would soon be done. This trial was an open and shut case; as they all were, for the inquisitors did not accuse the innocent. Five days ago, Goody Pope and her two friends saw that horrid man who lived on the outskirts of the village, and who had never been liked, and who could not be bothered, even once, to come to Goody Newton’s annual Corinsday celebration light a fire from the aether as his cat circled his legs. Sounder evidence for witchery had never been seen in the history of the community. As Goody Pope thought on this she grew prouder and prouder that she had done a good deed. Perhaps Reverend Dunn might even announce her by name as a good pilgrim at the service this week. The thought gave her a soaring joy what rewards accrued to the followers of Corin. The prosecution was making their closing statements now. They had been talking for hours to catalog the sheer weight of evidence against the man. Goody Pope did have to acknowledge one thing, however; the man was doing an admirable job of maintaining composure. By this point the weight of their crimes had usually overwhelmed the accused, leaving them a sobbing wreck. Instead, the man was sitting straight and staring straight ahead, as he had been for the past three hours. His stare really was intense; when was the last time he blinked? The prosecutor had barely stopped talking when the judge banged his gavel and proclaimed the man guilty. All that was left now was to haul him out to the square for the burning, yet as the bailiffs tried to haul the man up their arms passed through him, and the forward stare never left his face. A murmur began in the stands, and Goody Pope began to consider. The prosecution really had been speaking for a long time, the accused were not called on to speak at these affairs, and although the iron of the accused’s manacles was Corinblessed they were also looking rather transparent, now that Goody Pope looked closer. The murmuring became louder as panic set in, and through it all the silhouette of the man; some form of wretched simulacrum, perhaps; stared straight ahead unmoving. The panic became terror, and over the screams of the cowering audience the judge banged his gavel once more, and shouted with rage.
