Durari Degsadra leaned back into the throne’s cushions as his advisors rambled on. He did not listen to their discussions, instead, losing himself in his thoughts. Though he rested atop the throne, a place of power and authority that had never failed him before, he was now beset with strife. Not once before had he worried about the ogres offering any noteworthy resistance. Yet, now they seemed to scheme and conspire against him behind closed doors. While he could not prove it, he could feel it. Deep within, he knew it. He had assembled his most trusted advisors and generals to hear their recommendations, yet none of their foolish utterances brought him any illumination. Degsadra knew that he needed to fortify his realm, his capital. His confidants counselled that it would be harmful to his image and position. Madness. How could ridding the cities of the disease that festered within them tarnish his reputation? Yet, as Durari Degsadra waited for his advisors to cease their squabbling, the heart of the city beat on without him. Upon the marketplace stood a variety of stalls, vendors hollering, trying to entice the city’s denizens to come partake of their goods. Among the bustle, two cloaked figures loitered, eavesdropping upon the hushed conversations that took place beneath the cover of the market’s commotion. Concern, agitation, and fear. They heard many things, but those were the topics their attention lingered on. The locals knew not what to make of current events. the fresh paintings upon the buildings, hailing Degsadra as the only one worthy of sitting atop the Great Cycle, the walls of the city being reinforced against an unknown enemy. Surely Degsadra did not intend to act against his own people? Degsadra’s people made up their minds quickly. The daily bustle morphed in character rapidly; the tension no longer relegated to hushed conversations, but instead beginning to permeate the very essence of the city. By the end of the week, the populace had begun taking up arms, and in the marketplace, beside each of the paintings that promoted Degsadra’s reign, one could find his bureaucrats and supporters being strung up by their necks.
