A millennium has passed since the eyes of the Wood Elves were graced by the dancing waves of the open sea; once lost at sea for a millennium, they were denied its soothing sounds for just as long. The Silent Lake and the waterways of the Deepwoods were long the only point of reference for the concept of a sea, let alone an ocean, amongst their people. Yet as RangerPathfinder Liedir Vyas and her detachment followed one of the waterways out of the Deepwoods, their eyes beheld the very land before them simply cease, giving way to an unending body of water, one which must have been the very ocean that their ancestors had once been lost upon. Despite being practiced rangers, competent and trusted enough to be sent out to explore the world beyond the forest, nigh all were overwhelmed by the sight of the open sea. The RangerPathfinder stepped forth, still awestruck herself, only to crouch down at the edge of the coast; reaching out with her hand, she let the steady ebb and flow of the waves wash across her digits. Mere hours later, the rangers had established their encampment right along the coastline; for the journey to ferry the news of their discovery back to the Deepwoods would not be short, nor could they bring themselves to so quickly give up sight of the sea. The campfire’s kindling crackled and cracked, flames dancing wildly within the confines of the firepit. A handful of rangers sat around the fire, singing somberly the remembered chants of the Fleet; offering their reverence and respect to the Moonsinger, while some instead swam in the cold waters of the bay, enjoying the embrace of the sea under the rising moon. Still others yet stood guard, sure to be relieved by their comrades in time to join the others before night’s end. The RangerPathfinder spent most of the evening journalling and sketching, describing the coastline and the open sea to the best of her abilities alongside noting the various details of the journey they’d undergone; especially the path they had taken, so that the coastline may be easily found by any subsequent travellers. It did not take long for copies to be made of the RangerPathfinder’s journal, which she had offered to the ruler as her report on the expedition. These copies would find themselves spread around the various archives and libraries of their people as “Vyas’ Way to the Sea”.
