The fields of Parusapa were alive. The bright sun shone on the triumphal route, lined with every subject of the realm, as harpies flew overhead to get a better view. The sound of one hundred twenty thousand talons marching in lockstep seemed to shake the ground, as the cheers and celebrations pierced the air, the greatest assembly of Siadúnan troops outside the field of battle ever. First were the auxiliaries; gnollish troops from Siadanlén's old bloodbonded ally, Zokka, with their bared teeth and sandsharpened weapons. The Harimari followed, the orange of their fur contrasted against richly coloured silks and ornate armour. Next were the Dwarves of Gulan and the Serpentspine, who shone in gilded and masterful craftsmanship. Then came the Harpies. the regiments of the New Harpy Army, in their standardised armour and weapons; tens of thousands of them marched and sang in near-perfect synchrony, the very image of a disciplined and professional army. Then came the monarch, a ruler of the dynasty, carried in a raised platform by her soldiers, her majesty displayed for all to see; those who were nearer the front of the route could hear the sound of her approach, as her subjects devolved into crazed adulation at her presence, scrambling over each other for a better view of their sovereign. Members of the imperial family trailed behind, guarded by a Chorsekhíl honour guard, who marched in pairs and brandished their stormblack armour. And then, finally, came the members of the harem; the richest and most beautiful of the monarch’s subjects, guarded by mercenaries and harpy irregulars alike. At the head of the triumphal route stood a specially constructed parade ground, embellished with every aspect of the glory of Siadanlén, constructed in the same style as Siadúnasar was, all those years ago. It was here that the sheer scale of the event made itself clear. The grounds had room for the one hundred twenty thousand soldiers, of course, but also nearly a million spectators, mostly arriving from Siadúnasar and the surrounding countryside. The full might and resources of the realm had been assembled to provide for the mass of people at Parusapa, the New Harpy Army's logistics and supply corps nearly exhausting the food and water supplies of the nearby regions, even opening the monarch’s storehouses for the event; and to call the result impressive would be an understatement. At last she reached the great Triumphal Structure and ascended the steps to her throne. The Crest of Ištara had grown so large and magnificent it could not be worn; and so instead, it had been recast in the mantle of a throne, so that all might look upon it and witness the glory of Siadanlén. And as the monarch reached the symbol of her power, her Chorsekhíl by her side, all at Parusapa turned silent.
