But you admit to using foul witchcraft in the course of your so-called performance? Well, no, but I can’t exactly explain how I do it; that’s part of the mystique of the circus. Rycan Milner, the presiding inquisitor, audibly sighed as the performer once again dodged his simple question. This Trollsbayer, already by dint of his origins a reason to be suspicious, had come with a troupe of performers to their little town, promising a night of wonder to the locals. The only wonder was that it had taken until Milner saw the performance to notice the foul air about it. The stench of something not quite right... of magic. And this performer at the centre of it, promising to make objects disappear, to bisect another performer and put them back together? He is lucky the town was so bewitched by the display that they did not carry him to the pyre before a proper trial could be conducted. Milner interrupted the performer. Ah, yes, part of the circus? So you have no explanation for your strange acts that you performed before this very crowd. They all saw the witchery for what it is, didn’t they? He swept his hand in a motion towards the crowd, and they all shouted and screamed their agreement in response. He laughed obliquely as the performer shrunk in the face of their anger. Perhaps a little of their theatrics had sunk in; but Milner dismissed that thought. He would never let magic influence him, and that is what was at stake here. We just wanted to put on a little show for you all, bring a little joy and entertainment for an evening. We didn't want to offend or cause any problems... The performer’s voice shrunk in the stand, losing his nerve. Milner smirked in response, and turned to the crowd. So the witch has no defence, no explanation for their acts, for the threat they pose to the goodmen and goodwives of this town. And so, what should we do with him? He shouted to the crowd, goading them to provide the only response they knew to give. The pyre. The pyre. BURN THE WITCH. Milner, ever eager to please his audience, banged his gavel, confirming the verdict of the crowd, and handed the sobbing performer over to the bailiffs.
