As it turned out, Clouded Eye wasn’t the only clan to denounce Korgus. To the south lay Heartgrinder. Ghurad Heartgrinder, immediately after the Battle of Rottenstep, stood up to Korgus and told him he wasn’t going to slaughter more of his men for Korgus’s bloody conquests. Korgus struck down Ghurad, but didn’t kill him. Since that day, Ghurad repudiated Korgus and has been isolated from other orks. We met in Pixiebury in Ghurad’s private cabin. Ghurad’s niece, Sheru, was there for the meeting, showing herself as a brilliant heir for Heartgrinder. We discussed our renunciations of Korgus, commitments for a new era for the orks, and our bold visions. Ghurad and Sheru talked about their plans for a peaceful farming country for the orks and potentially all of Escann. I discussed my plans for a modern yet traditional orkish kingdom protected by the woods where orks and halforks can live in peace. Halfway through the meeting, we came to discuss a formal alliance. Both of our nations stood at odds with all the other ork clans in Escann and the humans would show us no love. We came up with the Pact of Pixiebury. It was a formal treaty discussing our commitments to each other’s success. Clouded Eye was to focus on conquering Bladebreaker and defending the orks in the north while Heartgrinder was to protect the orks in the south. Through this, Eastern Escann could be a safe haven for orks even as the west was being reclaimed by the marcher lords. The preamble was as follows. We, the chieftains of Clouded Eye and Heartgrinder, in order to preserve orkkind in Escann, renounce Korgus as an imposter and liar. Instead of the slaughter and lawlessness preached by him and his successors in Venomtooth and Bloodgorger, we preach acceptance, justice, and civilization. Our duty is to promote the general welfare and defense of the orks. We do ordain and establish the Pact of Pixiebury so our posterity can enjoy the blessings of independence and prosperity. Arosha Oakbreaker, The Life of Corin’s ork Disciple, Volume Three, Chapter Four. Pact of Pixiebury.
