Veykoda awaits. After we managed to convince our hosts to accept our verdict, Orbin has continued to lead us towards the Vault. It grows clearer by the day, but we fear that we might not reach our destination in time, for it seems that there is much bloodshed in the Vault. But we have suffered as well, for we have been ambushed by the native people. They have taken some of our number captive, but fortunately, Orbin and Cela, our important artificer and chronicler, have remained. It seems that they were otherwise engaged when the natives ambushed us, and narrowly missed being noticed by outriders. We are debating what to do next, but first, the aetheric monitor. Here we are, sitting around the campfire again, ears cocked, but the atmosphere is much different. Things seem to be deteriorating down in the Vault, and there is a tremor in the voice of this disembodied elf, living not too far away in her Vault. "My sons, listen to me. Brother against brother, father against son; this is no way to live." Her soft, quavery voice rises in volume, driven by agitation; this is clearly an old woman, and one who is near the end of her days. "I do not know if any of you will pay heed to me, even though I am the oldest of all of you; but hear this. I have seen too many of my sons perish. And although none of them were able to make it into this Vault, I see all of you as my sons, too. And I will not have you slaughter one another so brutally; and over such a trifling thing as entertainment, no less. Stop this madness. Too many have died already." Abruptly, her voice changes in tone, as she pleads for peace. "If there be anyone listening; come. Save us. Find us. Something. Anything. If there be any gods listening, I say to you now; my soul for peace. For this Vault to remain whole, I would trade anything. Yes, anything." We leap to our feet, terrified for the Vault, and begin packing up our things. There is no time to lose. Our course is clear. by hook or by crook, we will save these poor, huddled elves, whatever the cost.
