The clan against whom they sided did not agree with their verdict, but they were able to defuse the tense situation at the last minute and flee in the dead of night, although they struck down one of their number. In the meantime, as they move into Veykoda, Orbin has continued to lead them towards the Vault. It grows clearer by the day, but they fear that they might not reach their destination in time, for it seems that there is much bloodshed in the Vault. But they have suffered as well, for they have been ambushed by the natives of Veykoda, and they have taken some of their number captive. Fortunately, Orbin and Cela, their all-important artificer and chronicler, have remained. It seems that they were otherwise engaged when the natives ambushed them and narrowly missed being noticed by outriders. They are debating what to do next, but first, the aetheric monitor. Here they are, sitting around the campfire again, ears cocked, but the atmosphere is much different. Things seem to be deteriorating down in the Vault, and there is a tremor in the voice of this disembodied elf, living not too far away in her Vault. "My sons, listen to me. Brother against brother, father against son; this is no way to live." Her soft, quavery voice rises in volume, driven by agitation; this is clearly an old woman, and one who is near the end of her days. "I do not know if any of you will pay heed to me, even though I am the oldest of all of you; but hear this. I have seen too many of my sons perish. And although none of them were able to make it into this Vault, I see all of you as my sons, too. And I will not have you slaughter one another so brutally; and over such a trifling thing as entertainment, no less. Stop this madness. Too many have died already." Abruptly, her voice changes in tone, as she pleads for peace. "If there be anyone listening; come. Save us. Find us. Something. Anything. If there be any gods listening, I say to you now; my soul for peace. For this Vault to remain whole, I would trade anything. Yes, anything." They leap to their feet, terrified for the Vault, and begin packing up their things. There is no time to lose. Their course is clear. by hook or by crook, they will save these poor, huddled elves, whatever the cost.
