The group sits around the campfire, their bards strumming the previous night's songs until the familiar crackle of the aetheric monitor sounds. The whole group hangs on every word that Cela translates, her eyes bright with joy as she relays the lives of the Precursors, these descendants of her ancestors, happening in real time. And oh. Urion's landed another solid hit to Galindor's arm. Well done, Urion. Now, I don't know if anyone's even listening to this, but me, personally, I'm supporting Urion. He's a good lad, and he's got a good voice. Galindor, on the other hand… I've never liked him. And his poetry… I hate your poetry, Galindor. I loathe it. It seems as though a meaningless squabble has broken out in the Vault, and we listen appreciatively to this playbyplay narration, wondering how these two combatants look like. What fighting styles do they use, we wonder? How do they dress? These questions and more shall be answered, for we shall find the Vault, and ask them in person. Through careful observation, Orbin has led us over the cliffs and into the Epednan Expanse, and with every day, the voices emerging from his aetheric monitor grow stronger and clearer. On our second week on the Expanse, we met the Epednar. Greyskinned, darkhaired and short, they observe us from afar, and it is only after one of our number reaches out to them that they begin communicating with us. The Epednar have been embroiled in another one of their violent tribal conflicts, and it seems that they wish for us to help. We were reluctant at first, but after one of the Epednar elders heard of our quest, he produced a singing crystal; and what songs it sings. According to the Epednar, these singing crystals seem to be constantly repeating, and are a symbol of the cycle of death and rebirth. That's not the most important thing, however. This crystal is clearly receiving the same messages as Orbin's aetheric monitor. We'd like to get our hands on these singing crystals in order to aid Orbin in tracking down the Vault, but it seems that we will need to help the Epednar with their conflict first.
