It was a wild berry, cherry, and orange scented spring morning. The aromatic resins burnt at the central fire of the Agora gave it some wooden and floral notes. The ruler was by it, burning some laurel leaves as the rest of the representatives were arriving. Once everyone was in place, he unfolded a cloudwhite scroll in front of the noblemen, merchants, admirals, commoners, and servants. "As of today, these nine principles will start ruling in all of the Republic of Amgremós, its sisters Nékheis, and their colonies by unanimous decision of all representatives present here and by the good counsel of reason and inspiration that precedes us. First, all Kheionai are born free without exception of chaste. Second, no slavery of any kind will be tolerated anymore. Third, no one has the right to hold absolute rule. Not even in emergency cases, all decisions are to be taken in council among the virtuous free people. Fourth, everyone is eligible for nobility as long as they hold virtue. Fifth, nobles who fall into vice will be stripped of their titles, which will be given to another virtuous candidate of lower chaste. Sixth, servants have the right to hold private property as well as land, and once they hold enough property to stop being servants and employ servants, they will be known as commoners. Seventh, the previous statement implies that the sole reason for servitude is to help those of lower status and of unfortunate circumstances to elevate themselves to the position of nobility. Eighth, servants are allowed to change their master employer without restriction as long as their master has enough servants to maintain his landed affairs. Ninth, every Nékhei with its respective colony has to abide by these statements and abolish any law that may interfere with them, nor can they make laws that may interfere with them. Although they can still be considered free to exercise and manage their own laws as long as they are nonharmful to the Act of the United Nékheis." The ruler closes the scroll, everyone claps, and the sun shines in the marble.
