You have been feeling for a while that there is something deeply wrong in this place; almost spiritually wrong. You think back on the speeches given by your local priest when you were young about how it is the duty of all followers of the goddess to stand against the creatures and places of the underworld. You had always thought that was a metaphorical stand, but here and now you are starting to believe that this truly must be a place of great underworld strength. Steeling yourself, you nod to your allies and start forcing the sealed door in front of you. The door refuses to budge for some time, but eventually, with a slight hiss of air escaping, you manage to get enough of a gap to enter. Inside is a laboratory, but on a much different scale to any you saw before in this complex. The reason for the scale difference is apparent instantly, as one wall is dominated by a beast of impressive size. After a frantic readying of weapons, it is quickly ascertained that the beast is very dead, and has been laid out across the wall as an anatomical study. One of your colleagues leaves the room rapidly looking decidedly unwell. You manage to control the roiling in your gut and move towards it for closer inspection; as finding knowledge, any knowledge is the goal of this mission after all. It swiftly becomes apparent that your initial thoughts of this being some sort of hybrid creature is unlikely, as it does not possess the magical taint of those species that you have learned to recognise over the years. It appears to be a large scaled beast, with wide wings and four large clawed feet. It is completely clothed in scales, varying in size from some that would match your own to others that would easily make a shield bigger than you. Your unwell colleague chooses this moment to return, muttering how they thought it was some kind of hybrid creature crossbreed, hence the panic. This does cause you to think, and you lean forward towards it and see that the colour is not just similar, but in fact an identical match to your own black scales. However, the most disturbing realisation is when checking out the clawed feet, the feet appear to have been bound to the wall, yet the scrape marks underneath, and slight damage around the bindings lead you to believe that this creature may not have been deceased before the anatomical study began.
