It has taken three days over rough terrain from the nearest village to reach this structure, nestled deep in the cliffs of the Great Insyaan Range. You are lucky that the country's government have been willing to not only invest in your expedition, but also provide a small escort to this ruin. They have been ordered not to enter the building, but after some discussion they are willing to assist you in opening the sealed portal at the foot of the tower. On arrival, everyone agrees to make camp a short distance from the complex. You decide to gather your things and head over for a first look at the portal, before the attempt to breach will be made in the morning. While this pillar is comparatively small compared to the tales of some of the other pillars, it still towers over you, reaching most of the way up the cliff face; you estimate it must be hundreds of floors tall. With the enormity of your coming task looming over your head, you return to the others and rest. Dawn breaks, and your team and the escort make their way to the large bonelike material that has been seemingly grown over the archway, sealing the entrance shut. The leader of the soldiers walks up and starts running his hand over it, trying to find the slightest crack to force their breeching tools into, but it seems perfectly smooth. He motions over to one of his team, who steps forward with a large hammerlike polearm and takes a mighty swing at the surface. The force of the impact is evident in the shock across the soldier’s body, but the surface remains unmarred. The soldiers at this point seem stumped. Rummaging through their kits, one pulls out a small delicate vial. "I found this at a market a few towns ago, and bought it for my brother who is a jeweler back in the city, but this might be worth trying. I will need compensation though." He finishes this statement looking directly at you. You nod and the soldier passes it to the leader, who takes it back towards the door. Putting the acid on the material instantly creates a huge cloud of smoke that smells incredibly acrid; the soldiers disperse rapidly to fresh air. After maybe thirty seconds the smoke clears and a hole large enough for you to enter is left in the centre of the material.
