In the very tallest room of the tallest tower, she naps under the stars. In her impossible lifespan, she has scaled the walls of the chamber many times and found that the dome of the sky, of her vast habitat, is a solid surface; whatever the stars are for her, they are not far away. Her attempts to descend the Pillar have met only with the terrifying colony of the hinuirocs, who show no more favour to her than to the kobolds. She responds with fear, at first, but the team’s numbers make fighting an impossibility even for one such as she, at least twice as tall again as the tallest human. She quickly realises she is outnumbered. Then she makes halting sounds, maintaining her distance. Her skin sloughs off of her; she has too much of it, hanging down from her arms and legs in great dragging sheets. But she can clamber the walls and glide with her excess skin, which stretches between her limbs. She is grotesque; she is beautiful. The Precursors made her. This is clear as day from the consoles we have been able to fire up. Just as the Precursors forged the mechanim and played as gods with the spark of consciousness, so they meddled with life; we have seen it throughout the Pillar. But this is the first time we have seen them cross the barrier into biological sentience, the first time we have seen them make a weapon out of a thinking animal. They gave her great claws, and the ability to fly, and the intelligence to assess threat and respond socially and thoughtfully. There cannot be enough biomass in her habitat to sustain her, surely, so perhaps they made her supernaturally efficient. She has painted endless, intricate whorling patterns on every solid surface of this place, using mud and some kind of ground plant. The team finds the designs, endless crowded layers over the top of one another, as they map every inch. And yet for any animal, it is a small area proportionally; an island at best. The hinuigarkain has lived in this cramped span for however many thousand years the pillar has stood. With all these powers given unto her, trapped on an island for eternity, the hinuigarkain has made art.

