Sharaajaghal, The Black King's City, Host of the Sharaajaghal Games, Capital of our realm. As the early morning light begins to shine over the polished sandstone pavers of the Ivory Promenade, our lord rests atop Anish, the pride of the herd and personal steed of our lord. Barded in black armor, with a brightly coloured silk caparison, it proudly strides forward, the sound of its trumpet the herald of tens of thousands of stamping feet. As our lord reaches the stage before the palace, the citizens of Sharaajaghal cheer, and the military parade marches past, firing elephant mortar salutes. Our lord stands, and the officials closest to the stage make out a selfassured smile on their face. "People of our realm. I am not one to make grand speeches, but this day calls for one, and so I will oblige. For centuries, we Elephant Lords have squabbled amongst ourselves, with only rare periods of unity held together by the might and charm of a single ruler. We have allowed ourselves to be divided against each other: herded and hemmed in while poachers slaver at the edges of our lands stealing our livelihoods, our land, and our lives. We have been made to bend to the will of the rulers of other lands and other peoples. We have watched as invaders marched up to our doorstep, and declared their intent to take what we hold dear. We have called ourselves mighty, and brave; at the same time, we cowered behind the excuse of servitude to explain our inaction. "We have fought and died for those same masters, and they have let themselves fall prey to the demons of inaction and greed; wielding not a sword, or a musket, but deceit and bureaucracy. We will bear this indignity no longer. We cannot allow this miscarriage of justice any longer. With empires closing in on all sides, they cry out for us to save them from the claws of another phoenix, another tiger. There can be no mistake, we are surrounded by foes. Let us reveal them for the paper tigers and strutting peacocks they are. "Gone is the age where we stand by and let others tell us what to do. Today begins the dawn of a new age. The Age of The Ivory Lotus." A hush falls over the crowd as our lord falls silent. Even the Reeshi and viziers to our lord seem taken aback by this proclamation. Slowly, however, cheers begin to arise, and the soldiers atop the elephants let loose trumpet blasts and cannon salutes as if to let all Sharaajaghal, no, all of Rahen, know that they will be either brought into the fold or judged on the tusks of the great herd.
