It is a cool and dry dawn that greets Da'kino as he exits his home. Four Haraf'ne men wait eagerly for his presence at the roaring bonfire in the center of Nani Kinn; the flaming heart that burns for every meeting of the five great House chiefs.  "My Chief Alas'gasidi," barks the Datai'tsel chief in an awkward salute. "We have all journeyed many days for this meeting. My people require me to lead the upcoming raid, so let us"  "Yes; let us speak on why I have summoned you all here," Da'kino interrupts. "Rather, allow me to speak, lest you forget who speaks for the Houses." A brief, uneasy silence fills the air. It is permeated only by the everpresent crackling and heat of the bonfire, and scent of woodsmoke.  "For all my life, I have been troubled by the feuds of our Houses; by the wars of our fathers and our fathers' fathers. I have tried to mend our differences; to live as we did in the days of Tselayos. I realize now that it is impossible for those bonds to be repaired if the Alas'gasidi remain as first among equals," Da'kino laments. "The inane cycle of the Houses' wars and upheavals perpetuated by the decadent and shortsighted Haraf'ne of ages past must perish. In its place will rise an eternal, prosperous land; and I will lead you all to it." There is a momentary pause. "I have summoned you all to declare that the antiquated rule of the old Haraf'ne ends now," booms Da'kino. "In my name and of all the gods' and Paragons', I, and the Alas'gasidi, will be considered foremost among the Houses. Not only guardians and mediators of the Houses, but governors and rulers, as well," A fervor matching that of the bonfire's flaming heart and the dawn's rising sun swells now in Da'kino's words. "Who will declare themselves to be in disaccord and known as traitors to the Haraf'ne? As thieves of a tranquil life to your future kin? As nothing but a single, sour note in the songs of the Singers? Speak now."  The four chiefs all stand but do not speak. All except the Keiin'achi chief, who offers only a dire remark before departing: "If you wish to rule the FlameBorn, you must prove you have the strength to take it." And so the first oaths of allegiance are sworn. Either believing in Da'kino's vision, fearing the repercussions of refusal, or elements of both; the chiefs of Houses Alas'gasidi, Datai'tsel, Leeti'haat, and Hoila'kosu all join in binding accord; to realize Da'kino's nascent ambition.
