An ancient Datai'tsel tradition awarded only to the leader of a raid; a flowing, gold sash is fastened around the waist of the Chief Alas'gasidi by a lithe servant in his tent. This war camp is bustling with the anxious pacing of camp followers as the hundreds of Nean'áuvulin commit their final preparations. "My Chief Alas'gasidi," calls the Datai'tsel Chief as he enters the tent. "The raid is upon us. As discussed, my token force and I will draw the masked ones' fighting men out into the nearby flats while you and the Nean'áuvulin position yourselves to overwhelm them from the rear and flank. Afterwards, we'll be free to take whatever we please." The Datai'tsel Chief smirks as he finishes speaking; he finds a certain satisfaction in a well-executed plan, however bloody. The raid itself develops as planned and the Mayte village is soon set upon and subjected to the usual horrors a civilian population is bound to experience after being occupied by a foreign army. Kalun masks torn from dead warriors, local produce taken, and anything else of value pillaged. The Chief Alas'gasidi dismounts at a yet untouched dwelling and enters, stopping just inside, the torchlight reflecting off the chief's brilliant sash. A Mayte woman stands in front of her sobbing child, holding a defiant pose, a knife pointed at the Chief Alas'gasidi. The chief and woman stand, staring at the other. Although the woman wears a mask, her piercing eyes betray her fear and anger. "You killed them; how dare you?" The chief hears what her wide, tearful eyes seem to project and realizes raids like this are yet another symptom of the cycle of the old, decadent Haraf'ne. The ruler has little time to spare as his raiders draw ever closer. He throws his golden sash to the woman's feet and gestures towards his horse. In stilted Mayte, the ruler speaks "Take and ride. Live." Back at the Haraf'ne war camp, the Chiefs Datai'tsel and Alas'gasidi discuss the divvying of loot. "Forgive what may be my insolence, but losing the golden sash and your mount? What could have possibly happened to them?" asks the Chief Datai'tsel. "Lost in the chaos of battle, unfortunately," replies the Chief Alas'gasidi. The Chief Datai'tsel continues speaking as the Chief Alas'gasidi feels a sense of relief. They must have escaped.
