When House Leeti’haàt sent an envoy to Nani Kinn, everyone breathed a sigh of relief, bolstered at their announcement of the Kinah’s official support in the spiraling civil war. Nobody would have expected the sight that presented itself before the city’s gate a few days past then. "Hail House Alas’gasidi," the gnomish leader exclaims, holding high his banner, a gray cog on a pink background. Besides him, the Leeti’haàt chief, dressed in regal attire, takes a few steps forward before reverentially saluting the ruler. Behind them, ranks numbering hundreds of gnomes and elves stand, their heads forming an uneven skyline. As he walks out of the city, the ruler greets the newcomers warmly. "My chief Leeti’haàt, what a pleasure to see you supporting our cause. And I believe you must be from Gommoport, foreigner? Your presence here is certainly unexpected." The ruler slightly frowns at the mention of Gommoport, but the ruler’s face quickly regains its welcoming appearance. The gnome answers in shaky Haraf’ne. "Indeed I am. The technocrats of Gommoport have heard the pleas of your associate and were moved by your story. We gnomes sincerely understand the rugged road that is the way to progress and the danger represented by those who reject it. In face of your current predicament, the city has sent five hundred sixty-seven gnomish soldiers along with some of the products we could obtain from the relics graciously offered to us." At a sign from the gnomish leader, a few other gnomes bring forward an ornate coffer filled with rare metals and strange contraptions. "The Leeti’haàt chief is my subject, not my associate. More importantly, he is expected to let his Neàn’anii know when he is consorting and trading sacred objects with foreigners downriver," declares the ruler, gazing at the asyetsilent Leeti’haàt with a hint of reproach. "That is true. However, I believe we can agree our current disposition is better than House Leeti’haàt revolting against the Federation, leaving your Kinah without allies?" shortly retorts the Leeti’haàt chief. "Of course. Why don’t you come inside then? You’ve both come from very far." The ruler finally breaks the ruler’s stiff posture and shows the gnomish leader the way to the center of Nani Kinn where the Federation’s seat of power proudly stands.
