"This cannot be, it simply cannot," utters the Chief Hoilakos softly. "The Chief Alasgasidi will make a mockery of our sacred elections if he is allowed candidacy." The Chief Hoilakos turns to her assembled electorcouncil. "We may not have the power to defy his entrance, but we, all of us, must agree: not a one shall cast their lot in for our lord." The magnificent festival and market that accompanies every Hoilakos election day is one of the grandest in living memory. Tens of thousands of traders, farmers, and villagers from Hoilakos lands and even all Haraf gather here to make merry, trade, and witness the spectacle of the election, of the Day of Bounty's Choosing. Our lord makes his parade to the bustling city for a day under the escort of a hundred Nean'auvulin with the Chiefs Datai'tsel and Leeti'haat in tow. Finally, they arrive at the forum where every elector, and therefore candidate, has the privilege of standing atop its speakers' platform. Our lord takes his place among the electors and the Chief Hoilakos. The Chief Alasgasidi turns to address the huge, clamoring crowd. A chief of a separate House in the running for the chiefdom of House Hoilakos is unprecedented; yet not expressly forbidden. "My dear people," shouts our lord in a speechlike cadence. "I sincerely hope that you all enjoy the magnificent festivities hosted by our gracious Hoilakos. I would also like to announce that in my benevolence and goodwill, I have brought food and drink apleny, enough from the bouneous lands of Alasgasidi to extend the festivities here for three more days and nights." The crowd roars in jovial hollering as the words leave our lord. "Our lord. Our lord. A chiefdom for the bounty of our lord Alasgasidi." chants several men in the crowd. Soon, all in the crowd mimic their chant and the final vote is called to quell the rising tensions. The Chief Hoilakos and her electors scan the forum: an expectant mob calling for an Alasgasidi, the guard of every other House outnumbering the Hoilakos many times over; she contemplates postponing the vote until our lord leans to her and whispers. "Your electors are already aware of what will happen if this vote ends unavorably. Let us preserve the peace of this illustrious gathering." The Chief Hoilakos offers only a solemn expression as she and the electors voice their votes. "It is unanimous. Our lord Alasgasidi is our new chief."
