The morning comes with little splendor this morning, as the monarch rides upon a ferry and looks out towards the sea. A tapestry of greys and silvers stretches out before them, occasionally striped with bands of yellow or orange hues. Waves lap languidly upon the side of the vessel, and the monarch sighs. This will be the third day at sea; with no prospect of forward motion. The monarch collapses down into a bench, feels the briney air brush against their face, and remembers a story. According to the High Temple of Keoaden, Daiia, a child of the High God Dipar, one day journeyed with the High God Digatha. Their destination was a land of white sands and prismatic waters. On each day, the winds would push them away from their quarry. Digatha would patiently sit upon the deck and watch the waves, yet Daiia would attempt to wrestle the craft back onto its course. On the first day she tried with sails, then on the second with oars, and at last on the third with both simultaneously. For these three days Digatha watched, until on the fourth day she stood and moved to Daiia’s side. Digatha placed a hand upon the oar, and bade Daiia to come sit. The words spoken are not written. A panel depicts the two sitting, watching the waves. A second panel shows Digatha procuring a fishing net. Then the third, fourth, and fifth panels depicted them as they waited; the winds and waves continued their churning. Yet, finally, upon the sixth day the skies cleared, the craft reached the ever changing sea and became beached upon her white shores. Safely upon those sands, it is said that Daiia asked Digatha, “Why did you not stop the winds?” To which Digatha replied, “I did, but for those who were not us; for those who needed true aid, when all we needed was patience.” However, everyone knows that is simply what they tell the children, for in the final image Digatha and Daiia merely sit there on the beach and cry. The monarch is shaken awake by the splash of salty water upon their face as the wind begins to gain strength, and considers the meaning of the tale.
