The tracks were painstakingly hidden, and at many times Adarv feared they had lost the trail. If not for the Semayabaka they brought with them, they almost certainly would have. He had no mind for magic, but supposedly the trail had been masked with it, a clever concealment spell designed specifically to enable one to pass without trace. Luckily the residue of such sorcery was as traceable as footprints, if one knew how to look. They came upon a concealed cave, its entrance shrouded in a seemingly impenetrable cloud of darkness; somehow even less permeable than the persistent gloom of the rest of the profane plane. He sent the scouts in first; a cave like this might be a death trap for the unwary. His caution was rewarded in the worst way; with the death screams of his companions, as some of his scouts encountered whatever horrible magics the hag had left for them. He gritted his teeth, and turned to the company. “We go in together now. We know it's there. We are swift, and we don’t stop. If anyone falls next to you then you keep going. Only the bitch’s head ends this.” He led, and the rest of the Awirenya followed. It was hell in here. Not merely figuratively, but literally. The cavern wound and bent, tunnels looped and curved on each other. Time seemed to have lost all meaning; had they been inside for minutes, or hours? In the perpetual blackness all Adarv knew for sure was that his friends were dying. Odd screams rang out, as more and more Awirenya fell victim to the cruel machinations of the foe. Then, suddenly, hope. “Here.” Their mage yelled, a burst of light in the darkness. Illuminated by the glow of his staff, the figure of an ancient wizened crone, her fingers far far too long, loomed in the corner of the cavern ahead. Adarv charged, a prayer to Amilak on his lips, and the wind at his back. The next minute was a blur. His body moved, the hag's magic stung, and his sword seemed to strike on its own. When he next blinked, he was standing alone in a circle of corpses, the hag’s decapitated body in the centre, its head in his hand.
