The monarch strolled through the streets of Sramaya, enjoying the sunlight and the beauty of the city. The ruler sat on a bench overlooking the harbor, and just took in the sights. Laughter filled the streets as human and harimari children wrestled together. “Beautiful, isn't it?” A voice said, as a woman sat beside the monarch. Heavily laden in jewelry, necklaces and bracelets made of brass, each a different age and style, she had for all the appearance of a merchant. “It is,” the disguised ruler replied. “It is a lovely day, one could not ask for better conditions to walk in.” “And now, thanks to you, my lord, many more can enjoy it. I was not referring to the weather, but to them.” She nodded toward the playing children, where a hobgoblin girl was yelling at the wrestling boys, telling them to stop. “The chains have been broken, and the weight they carried is already starting to lift. It is a long road from here, but moments like this are now possible. Those children will become friends, and none of them will have to call the other master.” “So, you recognized me. I admit that I was taking this stroll to see how things have changed. What have you seen pass your stall, peddler?” “I have seen many things over the years. I have seen cruelty, I have seen hypocrisy, I have seen hate, and I have seen bigotry in its most pure form. But now, I think this city may be on the right path. Only by righting the mistakes of yesterday can the people have a better tomorrow.” “Right you are. I just hope that it lasts. Traditions can be hard to change, and people can be fickle.” “The people will tell you. They will not let you backslide without paying for it. They will be watching. I will always be watching.” And for a moment, the monarch thought the peddler's eyes changed. In the glinting sunlight, her skin took a darker shade, and the reflection of the copious amount of jewelry made her eyes and face seem just as brass as the jewels. “What do you mean by?” the monarch started, but was distracted as the wrestling boys rolled into the hobgoblin girl. She hurt her knee and started crying. The boys stopped their fight to make sure she was okay, and as the monarch returned his focus to the bench, he realized it was vacant. The peddler had left without a word. The monarch stood up. The monarch still had some time, and was shaken by the woman’s words. Perhaps the monarch was not yet too old to entertain playing children for a few hours before returning to the palace.
