The trolls were more numerous this direction. Not that that was surprising to Adarv; he had expected the most resistance in this direction, but also the most reward. The entire shadow plane was a morose place, and yet somehow the Hag lair they had now found themselves in put the rest of it to shame. Bodies littered the halls, and not just the ones put there by the hand of the Awirenya. Desiccated rib cages, severed heads, torn limbs; mostly troll in origin; were strewn about like discarded toys. They came to the final chamber, and Adarv held his breath. They could all feel it, the presence within. None could mistake the aura of such evil, and none could deny at least a little fear. Still, Amilak pushed at his back. He yelled the order to charge. Blood, screams, chaos. Carnage from the moment they opened the door. The form of a huge, hulking shetroll, impossibly tall and muscular, eyes alight with sadistic glee. Human and Gnoll alike went flying beneath its heavy swings. Adarv barely dodged, ducking under its tall frame, and circled round behind it. More of his men flooded the room, their bravery undimmed even as a fresh wave of the Hag’s dark power snuffed out the life of a half dozen of them. He struck across its back, a deep gash into its rough hide, and the monster screamed. He knew then they were going to win; there were too many of them, and she was too weak; too spent from the long wars; to muster the dark will against them. The other Awirenya seized the opening, opening fresh wounds that failed to heal, and the creature's form flickered. No longer was a troll before them, but a Hag. “Why serve your empty God? What good has come to you, from it, to be sent to this place to die? Follow me instead, and know what you have always longed for. Something true and real, a place to belong.” Hireet seethed, but her words rang with desperation. Adarv swung at her head. It was not a clean kill. It took him fully six swipes to sever it from her thick neck, and all the while she thrashed, another half dozen Awirenya piling in to restrain her. At last she fell, and he took the severed lump off the bloodied ground, leaking a vile ichor which he thought green in colour.
