The monarch slowly walked with Sanlaar Hüülüdii, head of the Architectural Sanadazjal, along an aerial walkway. Hüülüdii could barely stay quiet for the first hour, after all, this was the monarch’s first visit to one of the New Cities. But eventually even he corresponded to the quiet of both the monarch and the empty skyscapes. The monarch looked ahead. “Ah, an end at last. Well, I’m comforted to know the Sanadazjal has some limit to their capacities…” The duo arrived at a circular platform. From here, the monarch had a panoramic view of the whole city. A still lake, unbothered by animals or people, caught his attention. “Was that lake already there, or did your people make it?” “There was nothing here before. Just an empty desert. We diverted water from one of our canals…” Hüülüdii paused. “You seem especially quiet. Is there something wrong? Have we not reached perfection? Please, assist us, point out the flaws in our creation.” The monarch took a deep breath and leaned against the enclosing wall, not minding the hundred meter drop below him. “What can I say? I am amazed at the potency of this place, I can scarcely believe the hands of men constructed this. Here, I feel the air of an alien world. I have begun to wonder if we Khamgunai are even worthy of beholding the glory of Enuuk… I can barely comprehend those gargantuan towers as is. The scale. Do we even have enough people to inhabit this place?” “Of course. All of this was precisely calculated by the mathematical Sanadazjal. If you wish for us for decrease–” “No, no, there is no need. You have done well.” The monarch looked up at the clear sky – but even looking as high as he could, the shimmering towers still grasped at the edge of their vision. They could see the whole city from here, yes… there was no other choice. “Dusk is soon approaching. You may leave, but I think I will lay down here for the night. There is much to contemplate.” Nodding his head, Hüülüdii quietly walked away. And so the monarch sat there for a long while.
