If one is to tell the great civilizations from the mundane, look to the builders. This is the quote engraved on the mighty doors of the grand temple of the Sanadazjal, a colossal, unimaginable building. It stretches one thousand meters vertically and horizontally, and in so doing, stretches the comprehensible itself. The quote is credited to an unknown leader of the ancient citybuilders, but it does not adequately describe the Sanadazjal today. Industry was perfected, but Enuuk did not return, so the Sanadazjal are beginning to look beyond the physical. In the inner sanctum of the grand temple, buried under a kilometer of artificial halls, is where the Sanadazjal have gathered their greatest scientists and engineers. They are there to study the most potent artifacts gathered from every continent of Halann, and they have already begun to produce astonishing results. Today, the scientists have been entranced by a particular experiment. They stand watching an enormous, misshapen portal on the Sanctum’s far wall, lifted from some forgotten Precursor ruin or other. A scientist gives an arcane command, and suddenly, a stonehewed statue rises, a golem cast in Fangaulan style. The object stands, walks to a colossal core of inscribed Aniwan and Dames tear, hefts it effortlessly, as a watching Hill Troll scoffs, but gives a nod of respect. The statue carries the boulder a ways, as the scientists watch with bated breath, then a breathless heave, and it hurls it with all its might, straight at the portal. Just like before, just like the previous three hundred and eighty five attempts to provoke a reaction, the portal flickers. The stone disappears. And yet, a difference—one of the scientists suddenly yells, excited, enraptured. “I see her, I see Enuuk. She is right there.” The scientists rush to replicate the conditions, interrogating their colleague for everything he saw. But try as they might, another sighting was not forthcoming. After another few months, the portal was deemed a failure. And so the Sanadazjal moved on to their next experiment, and the search for Enuuk continued.
