The prospectors of the nation seem to grow bolder by the day. While there will always be a degree of risk involved in manufacturing and searching for metals, it was previously understood that these activities would be confined to nonresidential areas for the safety of all involved. Unfortunately, this long streak of good sense has come to an abrupt end. A consortium of copper prospectors created a sinkhole underneath a mountain village, acting on advice from their divination mages that there was a thirty-five percent chance of a small to average size copper vein being located underneath the town. Digging around the town with proper beam supports would have taken longer and cost more, so the prospectors simply didn’t bother. This event is not isolated. The miners have hired external dwarven consultants to aid them in rapidly ramping up their reckless digging, and much of our rural population now lives in fear that men with explosives will barge into their communities and begin blowing up buildings. It began with veiled glances and mutters on the streets. The elves and dwarves have always lived longer than our kind, and to see them unravaged by time as we and our children and grandchildren grow old and die has always been painful. In fact, a recent sense of unfairness has grown among our population, and they have been slower to interact with the elves and dwarves. friends have grown apart and it has become hard for an elf or a dwarf to find service in a tavern or market. Last night, the people erupted. In every corner of the nation, the story is the same. the people gathered themselves, and they went to the houses of the elves and dwarves. They burned their possessions, and then they dragged the inhabitants of each of the houses outside. As the long-lived huddled in front of their neighbors, the mobs chose a peculiar form of execution. Each of the motionless bodies we have found in the aftermath has had a single kick or punch administered to it by hundreds and hundreds of different boots and hands. They seem to have focused on the children, perhaps because they have the longest to live.
