Our expedition has struck the termite megapolis, and struck it hard, though not without a significant loss of life on our part. Thousands of our men, after spending several hours finding an entrance to the mound, stormed through the opening and began to fight off a horde of termite soldiers, who quickly began to assemble to ward off the intrusion. The incoming termite soldiers nearly overwhelmed our men with their sheer quantity, dragging many away into the depths of the megapolis, before a Flamesinger among our ranks was finally able to cast a fire spell on the enemy termites, burning thousands of them alive in but an instant. This would not mark the end of the battle however, but rather its start. Our men faced a grueling campaign through the tunnels of the megapolis, gradually ascending its labyrinthian interior over the course of weeks, casualties growing by the day. Just as expeditionary morale reached its breaking point, though, our men by some stroke of luck reached their end goal. the Termite Queen’s Royal Boudoir. There the expedition would find the Termite Queen, almost fifty feet tall, guarded by her much smaller King and a pack of termite soldiers. After a brief skirmish, our men successfully killed the Termite King, and to finally finish this eldritch expedition, a Blazetempo mage danced a fireball into existence, casting it upon the Termite Queen and burning her alive alongside the thousands of eggs she carried on her bloated form. With the death of their Queen, the termites of the megapolis were left without a leader, the soldiers dazed and in disarray. Our men used this opening to depart from the megapolis. Over the following few weeks, the death of the Termite Queen led to a breakdown in communication and colony function. Smaller scale follow up raids were launched by our forces to hunt down any possible newly created neotenics in the colony and preclude the possibility of the colony’s resurgence. Our forces noticed a steady decline in the termite’s population after each raid, as we intended. After several months, large sections of the mound were left uninhabited.
