O King of Kings, I hereby say to thee Your head shall wear the crown of Iochand. Until the day you die, your rule will bring prosperity for all who seek your grace. Nimsnoms Theatre was packed to the brim. It wasn't every day that the monarch of Iochand decided to personally portray Kong Fitzwick I in the Tragedy's coronation scene, and half the city had turned out to see it. The audience broke out into elated cheers as an assistant presented the actor playing the Priest of Wip with a prop crown—the same one that Fitzwick I Iochand had once worn upon this very stage, the royal crown of Iochand itself. The Priest of Wip bowed down, presenting the monarch with the Prop Crown of Iochand. The ruler took the crown in their hands, turning it back and forth to inspect it, then threw it to the side. A gasp of surprise erupted from the audience as the monarch opened their mouth. "The Hegemon of Lencenor does not deserve a wooden crown upon their head." The audience sat in stunned silence. Everyone here knew the Tragedy of Iochand by heart; it was the most famous play in Iochander history. This wasn't a part of the script. What on Halann was the monarch doing? The Priest of Wip gave no reaction save a smile and a bow. She turned to the assistant, who presented her with a new crown from offstage. This one, however, was no prop—it was made of pure rosemetal, encrusted with hundreds of resplendent red gems. At its front lay the famous Great Rose, surrounded by five lesser gemstones. There was no mistaking the Ruby Crown of Lorenan for anything else. Not a sound could be heard in Nimsnoms Theatre as the Priest presented the crown to the monarch. "If so, perhaps the Ruby Crown itself befits the rightful heir to Lorenan?" The monarch gently took the Ruby Crown and placed it upon their head. A perfect fit. The audience, finally realizing the true weight of what had just happened, erupted in cheers and applause so loud that the very foundations of Nimsnoms seemed to shake. It is said the celebrations continued for months afterwards.
