In all the wide lands that centaurs call home, centaur communities are not usually known for their villages. Indeed, many shamans believe that the process of sedentarization involved with urbanization is an insult to Irdaeos. It is strange, then, to find such a bustling centaur metropolis in our capital. It's not a city of sturdy buildings and stone roads, of course, but of fragile, hastily assembled tents. A few days ago this city did not exist, and in a week's time it will be gone. For now, though, this labyrinth of tents might be the most hectic and vibrant festival on the continent. Outside his tent, a scarred, elderly warrior tells stories of battle and heroism, while children listen with a mix of horror and wonder. Elsewhere around a bright bonfire a dozen drunken centaurs erupt in laughter at a poorly told joke that would make any sober man roll their eyes. And everywhere, no matter where you go, is the inescapable thunder of a thousand centaurs moving at once, as people gallop to find their friends, grab another drink, or simply for the sake of running. In the center of this hurricane of festivities is Caehn's Hill, with your tent at the top and with a full view of the camp. You can feel the warmth of the raging inferno in front of you, and the songs and hymns of your entire clan behind you. While some might expect the chaotic and alcoholfueled chanting of last night, the reality is exactly the opposite. A calm, slow melody guides the smoke and ash from the great bonfire to the sky, forming an enormous pillar of smoke and ash that drifts thousands of feet into the air. As you look upward you can see the smaller smoke plumes of the other clans in attendance, each magnificent in their own way, but none daring to outperform the great bonfire of the caehn. The crackling of the bonfire brings your thoughts back to Halann. You know that some of the festival's less pious members are planning their trips back to their own lands, and the logistics of packing up, but you push these thoughts out of your mind, and give thanks to Irdaeos. Thanks for granting his open and windswept domain to centaurkind, thanks for granting success in your many long and difficult campaigns, and thanks for a large, wealthy, and prosperous clan. You stand in silent contemplation for hours, with only the roaring blaze and calming hymns as company, until the screeching cry of a hawk splits the silence. The melody comes to an instant halt, and all eyes are on the hawk as it dives towards an empty wagon, laden with valuables. The hawk swoops in, past the heavy bars of shining silver, past the intricately carved greatsword, past some of the finest silk in the Forbidden Plains, and onto a slab of salted meat. As the bird tears into the jerky, all present bow their heads in respect, and it is clear that Irdaeos is satisfied with our thanks. The camp will disintegrate over the next few days, as more and more leave the festival and the great bonfires burn themselves out. Even after the last ordsikar leave for home, no one will consider returning to claim the wagon or its loot.
