A whistling fife inaugurates the Maslekh's Rite of Staves. Rather than clamoring crowds, the ritual you find yourself participating in draws few eyes: you, your partner, a half dozen other pairs, and a trio of shamans. One of these shamans, marked by blue paint and adorned in billowing gray cloth, rests a pipe beneath their lips. You and your partner step into the ring, and as you gaze to them, they smile with trust and finesse. "Just like we practiced; strike true, my lord." The fife hisses once, and your partner thrusts forward with their stave, their front leg and tail curled up in a statuesque pose. Another note, and you mirror the maneuver, squeezing the grip and exhaling with your swing. As you follow the steps with your partner, the other pairs watch on with keen interest, marveling at their lord's long labored talent. Keeping pace, your steady thrum of wood on wood and hoof on earth join the ceremonial pipe as a drum of combat. After a song's worth of choreographed poses, the shaman holds a long note as you reset your position, stave across your sternum. The preamble finished, you nod to your partner who in turn bows back. You both tense, ready for the true contest. 

As the fifer resumes playing a steady flow of notes, you initiate your spar. Sliding and levering the stave's tip, you strike forward just as your partner swats your leg. With a halfhop of pain, you reply by swinging your flank wide, granting you enough momentum to drive them onto the defense. The memories fly back: how your partner laughed when excited, the way their eyebrows creased when unamused, the twitch of their hock when ready to leap: all a key insight to both defeat your foe and strengthen your friend. In turn, you think back to your own qualities: when your lip twitches when flustered by a dodging opponent, how you flex your fingers before the strike, or the way your eyes trailed with the movement of a weapon's sweep. Back. Forth. Tap. Stomp. Parry. Strike. 

Several bruises later, one of you loses their weapon's grip, the shaman prolonging another fife note to denote the fight's conclusion. You and your partner warmly bow to one another, thankful for the challenge regardless of victory or defeat. After the other pairs conduct their bouts, the rite concludes with a final whistle, and the shamans declare Irdaeos' pleasure.
