In all the wide lands that centaurs call home, centaur communities are not usually known for their villages. Indeed, many shamans believe that the process of sedentarization involved with urbanization is an insult to Irdaeos. It is strange, then, to find such a bustling centaur metropolis in the capital. It𠏋 not a city of sturdy buildings and stone roads, of course, but of fragile, hastily assembled tents. A few days ago this city did not exist, and in a week𠏋 time it will be gone. For now, though, this labyrinth of tents might be the most hectic and vibrant festival on the continent. Outside his tent, a scarred, elderly warrior tells stories of battle and heroism, while children listen with a mix of horror and wonder. Elsewhere around a bright bonfire a dozen drunken centaurs erupt in laughter at a poorly told joke that would make any sober man roll their eyes. And everywhere, no matter where you go, is the inescapable thunder of a thousand centaurs moving at once, as people gallop to find their friends, grab another drink, or simply for the sake of running. In the center of this hurricane of festivities is Caehn's Hill, with your tent at the top and with a full view of the camp. From Caehn's Hill you can see a chaotic sprawl of hundreds of stalls, tents, and wagons. There was initially an attempt at order, splitting the market into quadrants, but as you gallop down from the hill and through the grand market you can see that this orderly system has completely disintegrated. To your left, a bowmaker is watching carefully as potential customers test his wares in a makeshift archery range. Right next to him a woman has set up a tent covered in striking, beautiful clothes, and is hagging over prices with a young buyer. Across from them is a skilled chef, who reveals a savory, expertly cooked steak that even from a distance makes your mouth water. Seeing you, the merchants promptly abandon their customers and swarm you, all asking you to take a look at their finest goods, which can be yours for just a small fee. The bowmaker thrusts an oak bow with golden lining, which even at a glance you recognize as a masterwork. That glance is all you get before a gorgeous silk robe, specialized for centaur physiology, is thrown around you. You are barely able to register its comfort before a sizzling, tantalizing steak is right beneath your nose. An advisor whispers into your ear that perhaps it would be best to leave, pointing at the annoyed customers who are being ignored while you are pampered with offers. Mustering all of your willpower, you return the goods to their owners and trot back up Caehn's Hill.
