It was a particularly sweltering day in Bulwar, where the air itself seemed to be merely a slightly less humid extension of the two rivers sheltering the city between them. Only thanks to architectural ingenuity born from millennia of experience with such climes, and the liberal application of cooling and dehumidifying inscribed artifacts, could the council hall of the proud city of Bulwar maintain somewhat tolerable conditions. Nevertheless, tempers flared hotly between the representatives of the twelve high families that ruled the city, their irritable mood not improved by weather or the controversy that dominated the day’s agenda. The sanctimonious Irrliami had not only managed to rein in their unruly menagerie of vassal states, but dealt a devastating blow to the ambitions of gnoll packs infesting the Šad Kuz. While the latter was of course to be publicly lauded, particularly given the not-so-distant plundering of Bulwar by Tluukt, cursed be her name, it presented the merchant princes of Bulwar with something of a dilemma. The precarious balance that had preserved the independence of Bulwar for most of the last century has been irrevocably shattered, and Irrliam has made no secret out of their expansionist agenda. One faction, led by the Ruqašah and Aharmandas families, proposed to bow to the inevitable and negotiate a vassalization at favorable conditions. Others, the szalLekad first among them, refused to countenance any sort of voluntary submission and talked of daring Irrliam to come and try to take the city, speculating, maybe somewhat delusionally, that a coalition of other Cinder Realms would swiftly form to halt the Irrliami advance before Bulwar could fall. Yet many amongst the families appeared to be still undecided regarding the proper course of action, with some displaying a demonstrative indifference, chief amongst them the head of the Gillugameš family, who could be observed loudly snoring during some of the council sessions. And then there were the Alukatran, whose representative flitted between the different factions, leaving arguments and controversy in his wake, and when asked how he intended to preserve his family’s fortunes merely sported a cryptic smile. After a long day and longer night of heated debates, a consensus emerged on how to deal with the threat posed by Irrliam, born from guarded agreement or maybe even exhaustion.
