Around a fire, two Desert Elves meet one another's eyes. And then they rise, to dance the dance that the Desert Elves have danced since they became such. The .  It begins with Pelar Ten, watching the flame. Two dancers, circling the center bonfire, dip their torches within it. Each will watch their opponent's flame for the rest of the dance, eyes never straying to face or body. A moment's distraction, and they could easily get burned.  Then, the bodies and fires flow as the music begins: Soin El, the song of the west. A song of yearning, of longing, of loss. A song of home, and the terrible things we would do; to ourselves, to one another; to return to it.  The first crescendo, and the dancers move into Inel Vaet, the breath of life. There is no fire without air, just as there is no dance without breath. This will be true throughout the Deioderan, but is never more clear than now, as they move in bursts of speed while performing dizzying acrobatics. The bonfire spikes, the torches flare, it seems guaranteed one of the dancers will catch ablaze.  Then, suddenly; Kide, rest. Even the greatest fire burns to coals. Yet those coals are hotter than any burning flame, and will last long into the night. This phase is one of the most technically challenging parts of the dance, despite its seemingly simple and slow motions.  All it takes is a bit of kindling, a long high note in the music, and then the bonfire returns; the dancers proceeding into Kondranas, balance. They have become nighindistinguishable, a perfect match of flame and fuel, of strength and dexterity, of one against the other.  But as the two forces grow, they cannot stay in opposition forever, lest they break the world around them. Thus, just after the fiercest clash, they enter Enahasten, union of flame. Two bodies move as one, two fires burn as one, a reminder that every torch here on Halann is a fragment of Surael's flame in the skies above.  And so. The music grows, the fire grows, the shadows grow. It is Renak Deran, the final dance. Soon, the dancers will rest, the flame will fade, the night will grow long. But for now, there is light, there is heat, and there is the wonder of a life lived for Surael.
