By the time the sun crests the mountains, Jaddaresa is already awake. She is a child no longer, leading her people and serving Surael as our lord's foremost diplomat. One thing has not changed, however: she begins each day with archery practice. Today is no different; she can almost imagine her father's voice instructing her as she draws, aims, and fires, and though tears obscure her vision, her arrows still fly true. 

Erelessa's day begins with rereading what she last wrote down to ensure it is clear and complete. Today, she reviews a conversation with her father, conducted while he was ill four decades ago. "How do you ensure you spend every century devoted to Surael's purpose?", she asked. "By ensuring you spend every day devoted to Surael's purpose," he answered. Among all the lessons Jaddar taught, she keeps this one closest to her heart. 

Jahid begins his day with group prayer, followed by strong coffee and fervent discussion of the Jadd. After all, he knows that just as a commander does not win a battle alone, all who surround you must equal you in devotion to Surael's cause. He has learned this twice: first, from his father, who died to slow Zokka's charge mere minutes before his grandfather slayed the demon. Second, in the years afterwards, bringing Surael's light to gnollish souls once steeped in darkness. 

Our lord is barely awake as they lead the Desert Legion's elite in exercises. The drills ensure even the most complicated techniques of blade and bow become instinctual, and it seems the decades serving as their father's second in command have made leading the Legion feel much the same; they carry on uninterrupted, despite the hole in their heart. 

We mortals will never know how Surael revealed His truths to His prophet. But we do know this: one of the final truths so revealed to Jaddar was his successor as Surael's divine herald on Halann. Whether it was delivered in blinding sunbeam, glorious revelation, or mystic dream, Jaddar had no doubt: Surael had chosen.
