Ardores, one of the richest pirates in the Cleaved Sea, commander of a full fleet of triremes and captain of the Kraken's Dread, was awoken from his slumber by a call from outside. There was commotion as the ship began to turn, though he had ordered no such manoeuvre. When Ardores rushed to the deck, he saw his entire fleet at battlestations, sails drawn down and oars pushed out. Soon enough, he saw why; there was a single ship on the horizon, barrelling towards them. He saw a group of small dots spring from its decks and draw closer. "Artillery," Ardores called, as he made for the helm. A few seconds later, the boulderlike shot whizzed past, missing his own ship but striking some of the others under his command. He watched as the stones pierced decks, turned pirates and sailors to bloody ruins. Ships drifted as their oarsmen faltered, and the fleet slowed, confused. Even as its artillery fired, though, the enemy vessel kept its course, straight for the Kraken's Dread. One ship against a fleet; but it was no normal ship. It was a Degárikes. "It's going to ram us," the pirate captain realised, as he paled. His first mate tugged at him, begging for orders, but Ardores simply stared at his nearing doom. It was massive, taller than two triremes atop each other, and with a ram like a kraken's beak. A force of nature not seen in decades, since the disaster beyond the Kaydhano. Sailors abandoned ship as the Degárikes approached, then made contact. The Kraken's Dread gave an earshattering scream as wood splintered, then snapped. The force of the ship falling apart threw Ardores backwards. The Degárikes cleaved through and kept going. Ardores watched in disbelief as the Degárikes tore his fleet apart. The artillery on board kept firing, turning fleeing ships into shattered splinters as archers rained arrowfire from up high on any unlucky pirates still living. Marines rappelled down the decks, ready to haul what cargo they could from the wrecks and finish off any stragglers. The Degárikes were back; may all its enemies beware.
