The heartbeat echoed throughout the hall, a thumping so violent it was heard throughout the city. From behind the walls of blackest stone, they witnessed as the hammer descended upon the podium. Thoughts mingled at what had transpired, whispering to one another, melding into a cacophony. Through magic, anything is seemingly possible. It is a power unlike anything else, yet similar to all. It can usher in a golden age, or forge the chains of tyranny. Tricked by trinkets, they gawked at its marvels and thought any price was worth the cost. When the last monarch deposed her brother on the eve of his coronation with the mere twist of a hand, they could only pray she would use her power for good. Yet her moniker betrays their fate. the Tyrant Queen. Her grip upon the realm was absolute. Those who questioned her would either die in their sleep, or wake up as fanatics praising her as a living god. Only thanks to the intervention of other cities did the madness finally end. But as old Narkel burned, the people turned on one another, brother against sister, what was against what could be. It became a massacre. Amidst the fighting, the queen disappeared. Though it was claimed she perished among the flames, her body was never recovered. Whispers rose that she had been carried off to Qarshtuluu, or drowned at sea. Alas, her final resting ground remains a mystery. But her death did not sate the bloodlust of the coalition. The lords were hanged, and pyres lit for the mages. Innocent mingled with the guilty. They were mages from the city of tyranny, thus they burnt. But the people did not protest. The occupation meant safety and freedom from the tyranny they had been subject to. Freedom from magic. As the coalition withdrew, they were replaced by a local militia. Clad in onyx black in memory of the spires of the old city, they now patrol our streets. As time passed, this militia began instead to cooperate with mages. better the mage you know than the mage you don’t. Through a series of protocols on the use of magic, the order could begin to monitor mages. They now operate on the understanding that so long as they act in accordance with our laws, our city is a safe haven for them. With time, many have come here seeking refuge, voluntary or otherwise. But this has come at a cost, as our political enemies have lambasted us time and time again, claiming that we seek to foster yet another magetyrant. It is a sacrifice that we are willing to make. We can only hope that as the pondering progresses, others will come to view the world as we do.
