Few sights bring as much joy to citizens of Zurkanrek as the sight of the returning treasure fleet. Though not the same, the exploration fleet has still received a hearty welcome. Rumours of their adventures, and the lands beyond, have already begun to spread like wildfire. They speak of how the Moduk tribes were surprised at the early arrival of the trade fleet, but were nonetheless more than willing to trade and aid them in preparing the fleet for the arduous journey ahead. While sailing past a certain island, the fleet was tailed by ships, greedily guarding the island and its ancient wonders. Finally in Haless, their brethren and family in Beikdugang were happy as always to see their proud flags on the horizon. There a harmless request for a map resulted in an unexpected struggle, as a member of the exploration pointed out the stark similarities between it, and the one in use by their family; a claim of legitimacy that risked shattering the purpose of the expedition itself. Fearing infighting, the captain was forced to decline the offer; there would be no map but their own. Off the shores of Feiten, the sailors speak of a mighty hunt, whale against whaler, with its back against the jellyfish sea. In Zyuhung Gong, the sailors were given time to rest and enjoy the island’s many pleasures, whether they be the local culinary specialties, duels with enchanted blades, or more carnal ones. Off the coasts of Arawkelin, passing by the Ringlet Isles, the exploration fleet found themselves ambushed in the pirate-infested waters. Fighting them off was surely no easy task, yet they held bravely for their kin and country and pressed on. Sailing beyond Arawkelin, the fleet reaches the port of Cây Cam Sinh, leading into the lands of the Sikai peoples. Once this mighty port might have been able to host the merchant fleet, when it stood as the capital port of their mighty empire. But those days are, for now, but memories of the past. Following the coast, the fleet reaches Sramaya, home of the freed slaves; or so they believed. In truth, the city was home to a mighty slave market where servants are sold to the highest bidder. Yet its location at the river mouth of Kharuyana river turns it into a city of nigh unparalleled importance. In Davharral, the expedition reached the end of its journey. For though it marks the border between two seas, the Sarhal is one that they cannot traverse. It is instead the lands of the nomads who traverse the landscape, which glistens like gold in the sun. With a new map drawn, the expedition turned homewards. Dotted all across, one can read the inscriptions of the captain. ‘Here be treasure.’
