Few sights bring as much joy to citizens of Zurkanrek as the sight of the returning treasure fleet. Though not the same, the exploration fleet has still received a hearty welcome. Rumours of their adventures, and the lands beyond, have already begun to spread like wildfire. They speak of how the Moduk tribes were surprised at "the early arrival of the trade fleet", but were nonetheless more than willing to trade and aid us in preparing the fleet for the arduous journey ahead. While sailing past Somyonghon, the fleet was tailed by Daengun ships, greedily guarding the island and its ancient wonders. Finally in Haless, our brethren and family in Beikdugang were happy as always to see our proud flags on the horizon. There a harmless request for a map resuted in an unexpected struggle, as a member of the exploration pointed out the stark similarities between it, and the one in use by his family; a claim of legitimacy that risked shattering the purpose of the expedition itself. Fearing infighting, the captain was forced to decline the offer; there would be no map but our own. Off the shores of Feiten, the sailors speak of a mighty hunt, whale against whaler, with its back against the jellyfish sea. In Zyuhung Gong, the sailors were given time to rest and enjoy the island’s many pleasures, whether they be the local culinary specialties, duels with enchanted blades, or more carnal ones. Off the coasts of Arawkelin, passing by the Ringlet Isles, the exploration fleet was halted by the Dreadfleet. The crew looked on with horror as local fishermen; "Sods who failed to pay"; were turned into shark feed. A fate they too might have shared, if not for the letter of safe passage in their belongings. Sailing beyond Arawkelin, the fleet reaches the port of Cay Cam Sinh, leading into the lands of the Sikai peoples. Once this mighty port might have been able to host the merchant fleet, when it stood as the capital port of their mighty empire. But those days are, for now, but memories of the past. Following the coast, the fleet reaches Sramaya, home of the freed slaves; or so they believed. In truth, the city was home to a mighty slave market where servants are sold to the highest bidder. Yet its location at the river mouth of Kharuyana river turns it into a city of nighunparalleled importance. In Davharral, the expedition reached the end of its journey. For though it marks the border between two seas, the Sarhal is one that we cannot traverse. It is instead the lands of the nomads who traverse the landscape, which glistens like gold in the sun. With a new map drawn, the expedition turned homewards. Dotted all across, one can read the inscriptions of the captain: ‘Here be treasure.’
