In the center of the capital, a terrifying jumble of stone and strange tear reaches skyward, clawing at the clouds as pulsating blueblack veins flood the surrounding land in an eerie glow. Deep below this eater of secrets, the monarch sits immersed within a titanic sphere of pure strange tear glass as a roiling azure tempest beats against the transparent walls. Slowly, the clouds recede, and the section of crystal in front of the ruler displays an image of the viewing complex at that exact moment in time. The diviners give the command, subtly adjust the flow of mana encoded into the sphere, and the image begins to move. The viewport moves from the ground and climbs into the atmosphere, revealing the countless pylons that now cluster on nearly every inch of available land in the capital. As time moves on, these pylons and the surrounding structures are tinted green as nature slowly reclaims the land, stalks and vines twisting around every surface. Towns and cities rise in the background, some growing into titans of industry, others reduced to rubble and screams. Borders change, armies march, and towers fall as a sootblack explosion rocks a nearby castle, spellcasters wailing in agony as they are pierced by pockets of nothingness. The image shifts again, and displayed now is a grim fortress on a stark hill, the road to the gate lined with gibbets and gallows. Detractors hang from their necks or lie in iron cages as broken peasants walk below. Then again, the view changes—eldritch horrors, fearless commanders, monsters grown from nothingness. All this and more flashes within the sphere, until the image finally settles on a barren waste, devoid of life, and a giant ball of glass, halfcovered by black sand. The orb is quickly deactivated, and the diviners lock in the calibration parameters. They have seen what could be the end of all things, and how it may occur. The realm may now prosper, as long as this path is avoided—and if our enemies stand prepared to break us, we will use our knowledge to break the world in kind.
