On organizing an expedition to a Precursor Temple, you expect the unexpected and trust the slaves more than your other expeditionaries. I once got a priest, renowned for his piety, who tried to stab me in the back due to the relics we found, power, and gold can go to anyone's heads. So I promised the group coming with us, that they would be freed and some gold if they ensured that none of my companions would try to stab me in the back. From the outside of the temple, a circular array of towers dominated the landscape, with not even a single vine having grown on them as we approached the base of the towers, a floor made of solid white stone, not a single mark or signal of decay on it. I threatened to shoot my other companions who wanted to stop to scrap the gilded doors leading inside the towers. I told them that we would have time for that later and that bigger bounties would be inside, also, selling the doors whole would be more profitable than scrapping the precursor metal from them. While said doors were easy enough to move, most of the doors inside have proven too thick to break through with our current equipment, resulting in our exploration teams coming to dead ends after dead ends, which is normal for a first expedition. We are here to get the lay of the land and get a feel of the place. Eventually, we found a hallway with open doors, leading us to a large room where we recovered various precursor relics. It was at this moment that the attempted betrayal happened. While I was kneeling to check a relic, one of my companions tried to cut my throat. Unfortunately for him, I had secretly armed the slaves for that, so instead of my blood spilling in the temple, it was his brain mass that it did. A quick battle happened, and most of the expedition that planned my death, and that person who cheated at cards yesterday, and I made sure to shoot her in the belly so she bled to death, was lying dead. We could not progress further as exploitation requires specialized crew equipment and specialists. Due to the nature of Precursor Relics, I recommend a combination of Magic professionals and scientists, but that is for future expeditions. For this one, we have gathered a good number of relics and mapped the passages of the temple we can access. What should we do with the relics we found?
