Elrandar Silverspite watched as the sun set over the Kalavend. His mercenary company pitched camp behind him. They came from every corner of Taychend, some even further beyond, fought for glory or fortune or adventure, or because it was simply all they knew. The captain turned his gaze to the blackiron collar in his hand once again – why did he fight? Why did he command, lead? An elven woman spoke from behind him. Silverspite turned to see his second in command, his Velara. "You won’t know until you use it," she said, a grave look on her face that matched Silverspite’s own. The steel mask he usually wore was wracked with doubt, worry, desperate hope. He turned back to the sun, wished that it would give its light just a little longer. Silverspite had found the collar when he went to fetch water, loose around the neck of a skeleton in a stream – the simple ring of iron had radiated a force so awesome the mercenary could feel it in his heart. Purpose, he knew, was nothing without power. His father was a Sun Elven Exemplar, as was Velara before she turned her cloak. They espoused a glorious purpose, to vanquish the dark – but their light’s power was transitory. It merely cast a shadow over those to whom they left behind their charge. His mother was a Vaikazelhi… a true believer in order. It did her no good. His father was off campaigning, when rebels and rioters hacked her apart. The shadow smothered her, then swallowed her. The mercenary would not let it do the same to him. He would not let his own purpose, his own destiny, whatever it was, wither in the dark. He unclasped the back of the collar, snapped it around his neck. A moment of nothing, then a brilliant flash, an explosion of roiling steam and smoke. It consumed the mercenary, startled Velara, sent a bolt of worry through her – but soon enough a figure emerged. It was clad in a suit of hulking, jagged armour, of blackiron scales interwoven with steellike plate, a dragon in armour form. Before them Elrandar Silverspite stood, the second bearer of the Armour of Yodhan. In Sedamurax, the Iron Maw. Beneath the visor, the mercenary smirked.
