For years, Ceboranbu the Warden had grown distant and cold. Now, he sent a sudden request for an urgent meeting in the chamber, just the two of them. The Kamrayakval strode wroughtarmoured into the vast chamber. Ceboranbu was waiting, countenance dark and foreboding. "I could just have you killed," Silverspite said. "But your service has bought you this courtesy. Make the most of it." "Service," Ceboranbu scoffed, the old elf looking over Silverspite’s armour with a disgusted look. "Is that all our friendship is to you now? First the Dragon corrupts your vision, your values, and now even your memories." "Corrupted?" Silverspite felt muscle and scale tense in anger. "No—" He pounded his chest. "PURIFIED." Silverspite looked to the seats around them. "I see it all so clearly, now. Cowardice—weakness—" The shadows themselves seemed to shift. Illusion magic. Silverspite shot back a glare. "Betrayal." "If my betrayal is all you see," Ceboranbu said, "then no. You do not see clearly. You do not see the faithful who recoil in rejection of all you do. The farmers who starve so that your soldiers may be fed. Millions are dead, Elrandar. Mothers, children—millions. Do you know? Do you care?" "You think I don’t know the cost?" Silverspite cried, indignant. "Their blood buys VICTORY. That is all that matters—" He drew his arm back, clawed at his chest. "—That is all we care about." "We? By the gods—I thought we judged our saviour, at Uesrennu," Ceboranbu stepped back, astonished, "but we judged a slave. To his past, to his power—unwitting, unworthy." "Unwitting? You think I don’t know what the Dragon is doing to me? Oh, believe me, I know it—" Silverspite rattled a laugh with ironforce, voice mocking, metallic. "I ALLOW IT. Let my bones be iron, my skin steelscale—let my sabres be my claws and my armies be dragonfire. I AM your saviour. The Herald of Apocalypse—NAYIRU REBORN. And I’m done fighting what I am." "You are not Nayiru Reborn," Ceboranbu replied, simply. "You are Taychendi—the fight ends when you’re dead."
