The Kavalakuttam, the heart of Orenvalyam’s Theocratic Democracy, is quite complicated. Why? It is divided. Three factions dominate the body, and are associated with a relevant estate. the Monasticists, associated with the Burghers Estate; the Kavalalists, associated with the Clergy Estate; and the Kamrayakvalists, associated with the Nobles Estate. In Orenvalyam, Parliamentary Seats are only moved by the loyalty of these Estates, except in truly exceptional circumstances; you cannot bribe Parliament Seats. Instead, you must build up enough Backing Chance to sway seats and win votes, with each Ambivalent estate, which has between thirty and fifty-nine percent loyalty, providing fifteen percent Backing Chance, or Loyal estates, which have over sixty percent loyalty, providing thirty percent Backing Chance. Don’t worry, Backing Chance is additive. For most votes, you will only need to secure around forty-five percent backing chance to guarantee a victory. However, should you receive the votes of a supermajority of seats in Parliament, the vote will autocomplete, giving you a free vote and halving the time it takes to gain a bonus from Parliament. Whether an Estate is Loyal, Neutral, or Ambivalent also affects which Parliamentary Issues you have access to in Parliament. There are tools to help you manage Estate Loyalty. The Estate of your ruler and heir gives you ten percent Loyalty Equilibrium with those Estates, which can stack. The Estate of your ruler is especially important, as you will have double the backing chance when trying to pass Issues belonging to your ruler’s faction. Furthermore, Oren Nayiru Church Aspects are also assigned an associated faction; choosing one of them and swapping them out will give you a temporary boost in Estate Loyalty. There may also be some special issues available to help you manage unruly Estates or unruly rulers. Now armed with this knowledge, I am sure you can conquer Aelantier while staying true to the faith’s ideals. Good luck.
