Silverspite knelt before the High Kavalali, as a hundred thousand people surrounded them. As foreseen, an eclipse set in, and the world darkened. Two years of tireless politics, and the faith was finally united. Representatives of the most powerful cells held a crown together above his head; they spoke in turn. "In the name of Nayiru," said the High Kavalal of Uesrennu. "We charge you," said the representative of Katelperai. "To lead our armies," said Clematar. "And guide our faith," said Nagar Vyechei. "From this day," said Gophira. "To your final day," said Sthanan. "A sword of dawn," said Rakkabuttai, "A voice of reason," said Royakottar. Nakar Kilaeik, Kriadvai, and Mlerek then took one word each: "As." "Our." "Kamrayakval." At total eclipse, the High Kavalali, as one, lowered the crown onto Silverspite’s head. The Kamrayakval rose, a dragon in armor form. Half of the crowd watched the blackened sun, and the rest his blackened armor. The Kamrayakval searched the crowd for a moment, gave his mercenary company a nod, then began. "Five Cycles, we have lived in darkness. Cast into it by Kheionai, warlords, SlaverNobles—the very dragons I wear on my back. But that ends today. It ends here." Silverspite unsheathed his sword. "When the Heralds—Rezankand—came across the sea, they said the same damn thing—whispers of truth, promises of Dawn." His mother’s screams crept into his head, then rage tainted his voice. "But WE KNOW THE TRUTH." They are not our allies, not our saviors. Their order is tyranny. Foreign purpose, foreign morality—and no longer. When we rise, every Exemplar who thought to shackle us, confine us to their design, will learn what the true dream of the Taychendi is. "To furrow the fields with the blood of the warlords, tyrants, interlopers. To give all a voice, to let all rise as they see fit. So follow me, brothers, sisters. Give your lives and your blood for Dawn. And to any who oppose us, who stand in our way, I declare war. War for the death of darkness. War for Dawn." As Silverspite thrust his blade to the eclipse, the sun emerged from shadow. The crowd was silent for a short moment, then an elf in the crowd called "War." A second pause, then "WAR" came the cry of the crowd. "WAR." The Oren Nayiru thrust fists and sabres and muskets and spears into the air, and "WAR" echoed the declaration, for the gods, for Nayiru himself to hear. "WAR." "WAR." "WAR." "WAR." "WAR."
