Ranbu gave a yell as he fell back. They had valiantly charged the breach, but the attack on the fort was faltering. The Taychendi threw an arm out as he saw a blade raised high, and prayed for Intercession. Then a storm of black and streaks of steel, crashing meteorlike from the sky. Ranbu stared wide-eyed as his executioner was eviscerated, annihilated, and the Kamrayavkal, wrought-armoured, emerged from the bloody mist. “Are you injured?” He asked, calmly. Ranbu shook his head. “Good. I’ve got a fortress to take.” Elrandar Silverspite, still clad in his armour, toured the ruins of the fort, returning the grateful soldiery’s gestures of faith and thanks, even as his mind wandered. Eventually, he came across the fool Kavalal that had commanded the assault talking with the Kamrayakval’s most trusted advisors, who had arrived after the battle—his Velara to one side and the HighKavalal Ceboranbu the Warden, loyal since he had judged him at Uesrennu, to the other. “It was an incredible display,” the commander boasted. “Together, we attacked the breach—put the rebels to rout. It was—” “A slaughter? A near failure?” The Kavalal paled as Silverspite called across the yard. “Because you did not wait for me? Because you valued your own glory over Dawn? Over your warriors’ lives?” The Kavalal trembled like a terrified child at the oncoming storm—the soldiers around just grinned. “Or am I getting it wrong?” Ceboranbu gave a bellowing laugh as he understood the situation. “Perhaps it would be wise for our friend to see what it is like to be first in the breach? The forlorn hope suits his courage, I think.” Silverspite grimaced beneath his helmet, paused. “So it does. See to it, Velara.” That night Elrandar sat silently, picking at his food, collar uncomfortable around his neck. The Dawn Elf sitting across smiled pitifully. “You saved those soldiers, El,” Velara said, “and they love you for it. The deaths in the assault… they aren’t on you…” She was right. “No. They’re not.” But she didn’t understand. He thought of that Kavalal’s face—the collar tightened. “They’re all on him.”
