The Kamrayakval called on the final High Kavalal in the columned hall, a hand raised in favour, and the vote was done. The leaders of the faith had gathered in the ruins of Ameion’s great Synkletos, to decide not just on the future of the city, but of the continent. The verdict? “So it is decreed,” the Kamrayakval announced. “The Cycle of Dawn has not yet come; the liberation of the world will come by storm and steel, by the hands of the Oren Nayiru alone. Ameion shall be but the first target of our cleansing flame, and Aelantier shall shudder at our approach.” It was the only outcome, really. This vote was just making it official. And yet, it was not unanimous. “A dark day, an infamous day,” an elderly High Kavalal, first among the Monasticists, rose on shaking legs, though he trembled not from frailty, but righteous indignation. “Do you know, Kamrayakval, the cost of this game? You see bodies as meat, burnt cities naught but broken brick, but wailing atop each corpse are five kith and kin whom they loved; atop each ruin are fivescore who knew its history and now mourn its loss. Will these fell deeds bring Dawn? Or will they only invite the scourge of Darkness, first under ashchoked clouds, and then into our hearts?” Most of the High Kavalali simply glared at the old elf, in silent admonishment of what they perceived as cowardice, but he didn’t care. “Only Nayiru can bring Dawn. If you think you can emulate him, then you shall be the first to burn under his awesome power. We hold no shame in watching your folly from the shade.” There were cries of “traitors” and “fools” across the hall. The Kamrayakval merely rose, shook his head. “You worry about the cost. Worry about the coming of Darkness. Worry about our destruction.” He gestured at the broken columns. “We stand amidst the ruin of our greatest foe. Did striking down those who tried to wipe our people out cast us into shadow? Did fighting for justice, for vengeance, invite our destruction? Do what you will; we will not stop you.”
