The High Kavalali eyed the armoured elf warily as he stood in judgement before them. Elrandar Silverspite, born to a Taychendi mother and a Sun Elven father, had risen up quickly through the ranks of the Oren Nayiru, fought for the cause well, and given much in service to it. It was said he had a great mind for tactics and strategy, but all in the chamber knew what had truly propelled him to greatness. Elrandar Silverspite wore the Armour of Yodhan. A suit of hulking, blackened armour, it was a menacing sight, with harsh lines and jagged edges. Blackiron scales, interwoven with steellike plate, heaved alongside Silverspite’s breathing. The Warlord-Emperor Yodhan had worn this armour, fifteen hundred years ago, and used its strength and durability and command over gravity itself to conquer all of Taychend. It was said its wielder could fly through the air as fast as one could fall, turn themselves into spinning, bladed hurricanes of destruction, annihilate entire battlelines with a single devastating charge. Though it was said the suit was powered by a dragon’s soul, a far more compelling explanation was that the armour was actually the body of a dragon, its shapeshifting abilities manipulated into plate and scale. Silverspite was clad in Sedamurax, the Iron Maw. He was power incarnate, and he had certainly found his purpose, fighting for the Oren Nayiru. But there were problems, challenges with his ascent. Firstly, he held some vague but evident hatred for the Exemplars, caused by his relationship with his father; there were some in the Oren Nayiru who held the Sun Elves in some regard. Secondly, there were fears that to appoint him as Kamrayakval would be to essentially hand over the entire Oren Nayiru faith to one elf. Thirdly, perhaps most importantly, there were whispers, rumours, conjecture by scholars and contemporaries. They say that the dragon that composed the Armour of Yodhan was not dead, nor dormant, nor docile. They said it made one mad. That Yodhan’s Sickness was not an affliction purely of his character, but that he was poisoned by the very thing that empowered him. But there were his supporters too, those who said Silverspite could give the faith the determined direction, focus, and strength it needed to truly fulfil Nayiru’s desires, and, of course, his personal power. To say it was immense would be an understatement; he could likely kill everyone in the room should he decide to turn against them. He wouldn’t be so bold as to do so now, should they reject him, after all, he would still need a faith to rule over. But if the High Kavalali reject him, the masses of the faithful may not.
