The monarch sat uncomfortably in their seat as notables from across the realm gathered in the great hall. There were generals, powerful merchants, noble landowners, and warlords both; they had gathered to discuss the war, the Kamrayakval, and now, while famine gripped the nation, they would feast for their eventual victory. Four great tables had been set up there, at the heart of the capital, while the ruler sat at the dais, their family and closest advisors by their side. One of those advisors was leaning in close, telling the monarch about some important detail or other. But the monarch ignored him. Ignored the toasts and lively conversations within the hall, the wine and festivities. Instead, the monarch was focused on one of the guards, who stood by the great doors at the very far end of the hall. There were hundreds of guards, of course. But this one wore a scarf around his neck. Some of the others did, but his was more bulky? Ominous in its bulkiness. An ominous scarf, yes. And the hint of silver hair beneath his helmet. Plenty of people had silver hair, the monarch knew. This silver hair, though, it made him shiver. The guard stepped forwards, out of his position. The monarch paled, felt a wave of sheer incomprehensible terror run down their spine. The other guards were looking at him now too, though the attendees were still in their cups and plates. The guard seized a wine cup from one of the servers next to him. Raised it up high. Then smiled. A flash of light. An explosion of smoke, steam. The Kamrayakval emerged from the dust. Then chaos. The monarch could barely comprehend what had happened, only that blood and steel and screams and death had consumed the world. The guards and any attendee with a weapon were advancing on the dragonclad beast in front of them, and Elrandar Silverspite was cutting them down in waves. Eviscerating those who tried to flee, those who tried to stand, those who couldn’t quite make it in time, working his way towards the ruler and leaving a bloody trail of mutilated elven bodies in his wake, men and women and guards and nobles and notables and officers and more. The monarch had jerked to their feet, pushed the table away from them, but the monarch only had the time to utter one command to the guards by their side.
