The Kamrayakval shuffled through his papers as some of his allies spoke before the Kavalakuttam. His stomach was turning over as he read over his notes, regretting some of the lines he had crossed out. But this vote was the most important in Orenvalyam’s history; if it went his way, they would invade Halcann before the end of the century. They would win before... no. He did not want to think about that. If he did, he might vote against it too. This was the only way. Eventually, the Kamrayakval rose to speak, but a reticent High Kavalal beat him to it, and did so waving papers eerily similar to his own. “My colleagues, my comrades,” the Reticent Kavalal began. “Before we vote, there is something you must know.” The Kamrayakval could have stopped him, but he could not bring himself to. “What I have in my hands is information that has been obscured from you. the true cost of the Kamrayakval’s invasion.” A pit grew in his stomach as the Reticent Kavalal read his leaked notes. “Millions to be drafted, simultaneous attacks on Fangaula and Lencenor, a war across the world. And how long will this take?” And then the lines he had crossed out. “By their estimates? Three hundred years of mass scale combat, five hundred years of suppression, of fighting against partisans. AND THE COST?” The Kavalakuttam sat on the precipice, worried looks, rising fury. “One thousand years of recovery, and two hundred million dead to get there.” And then the chamber exploded into flame. Half the Kavalali rose insulted, the other with indignation. There were accusations of slander, and treason, and mass murder, and inaction, and cowardice. If Ecaris is alive, Ecaris Ecarizuir, watching in the crowd, stood up and cried, “How is this news to you all?” Someone shot back, “As if you wouldn’t do the same.” If not, the three factions were at each other’s throats, not just set against each other, but against themselves. Only the Monasticists were united against it. The Kamrayakval just watched the chaos. He could not bring himself to join in the debate. Necessary losses... that was what he had dismissed the death toll as when he had read it first. Unfortunate casualties, on the long, long road to Dawn. Was that really true, though?
