In the heart of Anbenncóst, the Empire of Anbennar gathered before the Dove Throne. The Emperor, flanked by Orda Aldresia guards, watched as the Princes filtered in, eyeing those who had enriched themselves off of the suffering of others. He glanced up sometimes to check if all was well. Eventually, when all had arrived, he stood. “I know what you are all concerned about.” He said, with as much a monarch’s voice as he could muster. “The assassinations across our realm and beyond, the chaos in Lorent and the Dragon Coast… but let me reassure all of you – there is nothing to fear.” That was why this meeting had been called, after all. “Because even if we all drop dead tomorrow, WE ALL DESERVE IT.” Some shock, some concern. Mostly disbelief. The Emperor clenched his fist tight. “Who amongst us, after all, has not abused our power? Wielded the forces of magic to crush dissent?” Laughter. They must have thought he was joking. “Who has not drained the world of its resources? Exploited, colonized?” He turned back, to the Dove banner above. But the sorrow in his voice was not a joke – and gradually, the Princes realized. “Where is unity, when we squabble amongst ourselves? Where is equality, when it comes to the orks and the Ruinborn, brutally subjected…?” Nobody was laughing anymore. “Madness.” A Prince called. The Emperor just chuckled, as he turned around. “Mad? You hear those words, and think madness. Are they mad to the subjugated Amadian, or the Vanburian slave? To those trafficked through Vertesk, or shipped to Silverforge? You, my friends…” He looked around the chamber hall. “You are the mad. You are the blind. And today, I will open your eyes.” The Emperor snapped his fingers, and he was the Emperor no more. They could have heard the surprised cries back in Taychend. For above the Dove Throne, the Emperor’s lifeless body lay tangled in the banners, the spearshafted banner of Orenvalyam ran through his heart. The Taychendi below, armored in black and gold, smiled as he threw off his glamour and drew his sword – and the “Orda knights” in the hall around him did the same. The Vairaghul called to the crowd once more.
