Velara stood reflexively as the messenger entered her office. "Herald," she started, almost forgetting she had turned her cloak long ago. But he dismissed her with a wave. He wasn’t dressed in his usual gleaming Sunplate but an officer’s uniform, neatly cut, and in his hands was the sword, sheathed. Velara couldn’t keep her eyes off it as she sat back down. "What did you wish to discuss?" The Last Companion of Corin stared down, gaze fixed on the blade. "I want to give you this." "Herald," Velara sputtered, standing again, shocked, "Messenger, you can’t mean—." "Oh but I do, Exemplar." "I’m not one— you know I’m not—. That sword is for the Herald of Example, the Order’s leader." "So it is," the older elf said, simply. "So it was." And Velara understood. The messenger shook his head, somberly. Bitterly. "Everything has changed." He looked up, eyes weary, full of sorrow and regret. "Our mission is changing. Our order is changing. And it has left me behind." A pause, for a moment—then a sudden shift. "I remember you, you know." Velara felt a tear at the corner of her eye: "I was so young, when we left Elizna." The messenger smiled, warmly. "So you were. When I saw you with Kalinzuir, I thought: where did we go so wrong, that some of our finest would desert us?" "That’s not El’s name." "I know. And I’ve realized that he discarded it because I failed him. Failed all of us. And you haven’t. And you won’t." He offered the blade completely now. "You are the New Example, for a new time, a new faith. I see in your eyes pure and bright what in the mirror I see tarnished, faded." Velara placed her hands on the scabbard—felt the radiant heat beneath. The power of not just the Wish, but of Surael. "And I know, when Dawn is tested, you will be there. With this weapon, you will not fail as I did." She contemplated for what seemed an age. Eventually, Velara looked up, and smiled. "I disagree entirely." And then she refused. "We don’t need weapons to be heroes. We don’t need to win, to set an example." Her hands moved to cradle his, that held the sword. "And above all others, you, favourite of Sarnagir, must know."
