Ecaris Ecarizuir stood before the Kavalakuttam, clad in pale gold, calming his nerves and taking a deep breath. He tried not to make the mistake Corin had at Elynaile. "When we came here, we saw a desolate land, shattered by centuries of strife. We knew our duty, our purpose. We took steps not everyone here agrees with, but we fought for what we, what so many of you, believe is right. an end to slavery, justice, and order." One of the Kamrayakvalists interrupted, "And the obliteration of our culture, our traditions." A furor of support and calls for silence followed. "You were INTERLOPERS," he cried, before the Kamrayakval shut him up for good. The Herald grimaced. Be diplomatic, or speak from the heart? No, he was here about duty; he wouldn't shirk it. "What does it matter?" he called. "So what? Why should I apologize for what I think, for believing that in Bulwar we found the best way? For believing that Surael’s path, as handed down through the Cult and the temples, was the righteous one? Do you not think the same of Taychend’s traditions?" "You should apologize," came a call from the Monasticists. "Because it is wrong when you did it, and it is wrong when we do it." Groans swept across the chamber—fury from some of his own bench. Ecaris remembered that reaction. "Your Order goes against everything we should stand for. Harnessing the products of slavery through that sunplate of yours, blasting past any opposition, any native disagreement, by taking the lone example of support and using it to prove your rule. FORCING people to conform to your path. And if you are not amongst the faithful, and you are not native to this land, and you are intent on your errant ways, I say get off this continent." There. An opening. "And so you’d EXPEL us by force too?" Ecaris called. The Monasticist shot back a "you came here by force," but the Kavalalists now jeered him quiet. Ecaris pushed through the reprieve. "By Surael, we are not a Conclave arguing over lentils—the fate of my people is at stake. YES, we made mistakes, YES, we differed—but if you hold any stake in your idea of this 'chaotic form of Light,' then you will know that to err is natural, and to DIFFER IS IN YOUR DAWN’S BLOOD."
