The two elderly High Kavalali, both Taychendi, sat silently as they watched the Kalavend. The smell of spice and Kotakompu steaks in the air, the barges sailing full in the still water, the children at play around their mothers and fathers as they tended to the fields, free, prosperous. It was beautiful, idyllic. War had left Taychend long ago. Suddenly, the Reticent Kavalal spoke, eyes on the glistening river beyond. “Do you wonder what our descendants will think of us, after we’re gone? Those of us who finished the job. Liberated Aelantier, but went no further.” There was a pause, as the Stalwart Kavalal thought over his answer. He had a monologue in his mind, just on the cusp of being perfect, but with a sigh, he discarded it. “I don’t know, and I’m not sure I care too much that I don’t. There will be arguments, denouncing histories and accusatory narratives, and questions. So many questions…” The Reticent Kavalal finished his sentence. “But that’s what it’s all about, isn’t it?” A nod, and the two returned to watching the sights once more. It was a while before the Stalwart Kavalal spoke again. “There may be another turn…” A sure glance from his friend, reassuring. “they will argue against it.” A shrug in response. “They might not. Pick the old crusade back up, try and conquer the world, but that doesn’t matter either.” A pause, then a grin, a laugh. “there’s that stubbornness again.” “Hah, maybe this is stubbornness. An old man, defending the indefensible right up until he drops dead and can defend it no more. But this…?” The Reticent Kavalal gestured to the river, the peace. “If this is not Dawn, I don’t know what is. The turning of the Cycle, the End of the World… Dawn, at last, across all Aelantier.” He turned to his friend. “And I think, in my heart of hearts, that we made it happen. Standing by our kin, against the tide, against adversity, no matter the cost.” The Reticent Kavalal smiled. “The Taychendi way.” The Stalwart Kavalal nodded, and turned once more to the sun, and spoke now to Nayiru, in his light, in his brilliance.
