An armored Silverspite stood straight as the High Kavalali of the realm circled him. The failure of the Calsithara Revolt had hardened most of their number, but the priests of the realm held fast to revolution’s promise. Still, they had doubts, and doubts begat trials. First, his capabilities – unimaginable strength, incredible durability, and above all control over gravity itself. In emulation of dragonflight, he could soar through the air at terminal velocity, unleash untold devastation with a spinning charge of his twin blades. Now, they tested his purpose. "And you know of the Tenets, the proclamations?" asked one. "You admit to the principle of deliberation, of decision by many, not one?" Asked another. "You decry the base warlords of ages past – you would not rule as the former ruler did, would you?" "Have you decried the Kheionai too?" "You must." Silverspite batted their accusations away. "I know the tenets." He replied. His voice was clear, ever serious, nearly emotionless. "I would act as the leader of the faith, not as a tyrant." "Not as the former ruler but as Kamrayakval." "The Kheionai are as tyrannical as the rest. They need to be taught the truth of Nayiru." The questions ceased as the Kavalali regarded Silverspite, still hesitant. "You’ve seen Ecaris, and his dawnsword," Silverspite said, breaking the silence. "You want one of your own. I know it – I am it." Finally, their most senior spoke. "In our hearts, we do. Who could deny it?" The High Kavalal said, gravely. "But Ecaris’ power came at a price we could not accept. And so they cast us as enemies. You come with a price too. Will you act in the same way… Elrandar Kalinzuir?" Silverspite’s eyes narrowed beneath his helmet. The mention of his father’s name made him grit his teeth, snarl involuntarily. A note of inexplicable fear struck those in the room – the guards drew their sabres. "I believe," Silverspite said, every word considered, smothering his rage. "In the will of Nayiru. My father called him Surael– I don’t even think of him. My… name…." A flash of anger– he bit it down. "Is not Kalinzuir… and when I rise, High Kavalal, and Dawn furrows Taychend’s fields with the blood of its enemies? You will see what SpiteofSilver truly looks like. Here I stand. Will you rise with me, or remain in the dark?
