The sun was setting over the palace, the dark descending on a dining room that overlooked one of the gardens. Usually a lively place, there were only two brothers here today. Andrellatam Rakulacan, the ancient family’s burly, bigbearded, bellowvoiced Patriarch, grimaced at the setting sun. He turned to his coyote-eyed brother, reclining on a divan nearby, raised a fist and thundered, “Brother, I have a cunning plan.” Thanand Rakulacan sighed deep, and set down his wine glass. “Does it involve a lot of hammering?” Andrellatam laughed as he stepped back into the room. “Oh yes, but first, we’ll grease the maul. The Mudaliars—curse the name—have always underestimated us, ever since they exiled us to this barren waste. But the middle brother taking you into his confidence was their fatal mistake. We’ll make them think we’re scheming to take over, bait them into an attack, and then crush them with our Rakulacan might. Piristel retaken—RAKULACIMAI AVENGED.” Andrellatam’s brother rubbed at his temple. He’d taken a massive risk coming here, to a brother he was supposed to be at war with, and this was what he presented him? “Brother… that is the worst scheme I think you’ve ever come up with. Just let the Mudaliars fight their war, mop up after they’ve exhausted themselves. Or—better yet, sell out to Larankar. Make a deal, pick the winner as we always do.” “BAH.” Andrellatam stormed back to the garden overlook. “Varamraya has changed you—always with the delaying, the cowardice.” Andrellatam turned in time to see his brother roll his eyes. “Think of our ancestor, brother… think of Varelrudu, the Tyrant King. Would he wait? Dither?” Thanand gave a quick chuckle. “Well, I’d think he’d do whatever it takes to win.” “But what is victory, if it isn’t at our own hands? It was by Varelrudu’s own power that he crushed the peasant goddess Vehasha—caved in her chest with the Hammer of Anathazhilan, seized the reins of an empire. Don’t you want that once more, brother? The elation, the glory?” Thanand fell silent, frowned as he picked up his wine glass again.
