The ruler and their warriors strode towards the Gates of the Temple of Vehasha. Their catapult bombardment had broken the walls, scattering the defenders on the parapets. But the ruler knew there would be more inside. The ruler smiled as they stepped past the smoke, and a dozen elves, elite warriors all, rushed at them. The Patriarch hefted the Hammer of Anathazhilan in their hands, and swung wide as the first guards approached. The whoosh of air, then the hammering of bone. Smash and crack and scream. The ruler bellowed a might laugh as three elves fell to a single blow. Battle, blood, victory. At last, only a single elf stood before the Trickster’s statue, and the cowering high priestess at its base. He was clad in Precursor Steel, the captain of her guard. “HAHAHA.” The ruler thundered. “A GLORIOUS TRY.” The guard raised his sabre to strike. “BUT NOT ENOUGH.” Swing, smash, then piercing, wailing, primordial scream, as the elf’s silversteel breastplate burst apart. The shattering shards shredded the captain’s chest, blood and bone bursting from his back. The Rakulacan warrior stepped aside as the captain’s body fell, lifeless. Then the ruler continued to the statue before him, shouldering the colossal hammer, a triumphant grin on their face. For a moment, the High Priestess looked as terrified as she had before, but she soon realised the futility of fear. She fell limply to the statue base, despondent; she looked up weakly to her executioner. “You’re just playing around, aren’t you? This is theatre. An act, a jape.” The Patriarch laughed heartily again. “Theatre? Sure. A jape? Not so, my dear farmer priestess. I’ve always thought the peasantry have let themselves down since the Tyrant King last picked up this hammer of mine, caved in the chest of that upstart peasant doctor. DISGRACEFUL, really. So I thought I’d get them back into the fields, working till they bleed.” The ruler took up their ancestor’s hammer again, leveled it in their hands. “But first, I figured I ought to pay a visit to the cult of his old enemy.”
