The feasting hall was dead silent. Hundreds of Rakulacans had been listening to their Patriarch give a speech. Then Thelriatam Rakulacan stood, smirking, slowly clapping. The Emperor halted, gobsmacked. "Such bluster," Thelriatam had said. "But really, what is the point of all of you?" A round of gasps. The Patriarch opened his mouth to denounce the fool, but a hooded woman suddenly appeared next to Thelriatam, and waved her hand with a flash of power. The Patriarch began to choke on his words. "Rakulacan," Thelriatam called. "We stand, the successors of the Slaver Nobles of old. We have might, we have Taychend, but there is one power we have not attained... IMMORTALITY." The hooded woman climbed up on the table and threw off her cloak. Surprise shook the hall; some were so shocked they rose from their seats involuntarily. A human, a Cannorian dressed in the light fabrics of Taychend, skin white as snow and hair red as blood. And in her hand, a gauntlet that she held high, flexed for all to see. The Bloody Hand of Kadradar. The woman spoke in accented Kalavendhi as the Patriarch fell dead to the floor. "I may not be from around here, but we share a common value. AMBITION." Suddenly, a commotion—the Patriarch's son drew his sabre and charged at the Cannorian. She kept talking anyway. "Raise me and Thelriatam to power." The son rose to swing, "fight for me, die for me, and..." then a sudden turn—a thundercrack kick shinstriking face—the son's upper body bursting into red mist, and Mihaela's voice cutting through, vainglorious. "I WILL GIVE YOU THE WORLD." "GLORY." "TYRANNY." "EMPRESS." The vampires Thelriatam had already turned gave their instant, boisterous assent, cheering their acclamations. The rest either shrunk back in fear or stood and joined the cry, eyes thirsting for the promise of power. Mihaela just cackled maniacally. When the cheers finally died out, Thelriatam's sire, delight written across her face, turned to him—Mihaela no longer. He grinned at a scheme well executed and introduced the Pale Queen to her new family.
