The Cannorian woman, Mihaela, spoke matter-of-factly. “We are Vampires, and I am an Errant Prince. The first to be turned, the strongest. We all have our clans, sirelines going down generations. You could turn some more, start one of your own if you want. It is hierarchical like that, you see.” She stared forward, eyes vacant. “They are supposed to obey you. You need to make them sometimes.” Mihaela and Thelriatam had been relaxing amidst another training session, testing the limits of Thelriatam’s new, myriad powers, as they had done for the past ten years. Then, all of a sudden, it was like a switch turned on. She told him everything so freely he hardly believed it. “And there are more of you?” The Rakulacan thought back to that first meeting. “The people who took something from you—were they other vampires?” Mihaela kept staring silently for a moment. “There is a pack of us. They have their fancy little Blood Court now, just putting a name to their cabal of—of—” She shook her head slightly, closed her eyes. Thelriatam had never seen her like this before. “They murdered him. And I let them.” He did not presume to ask who “him” was. Mihaela opened her eyes, turned to Thelriatam again—and the vacant sadness was replaced with regret, and spite, and rage. “I will never let that happen again. Let worry or fear stay my hand. Keep me from doing what I want. If they come for you, for us? I will make them suffer.” Thelriatam could only bear her gaze for a moment. He turned, put a hand to his chin, mind suddenly racing. Not blood magic, but immortality by another means—the ability to create an entire clan of immortals—to truly usurp the power of the SlaverNobles. And Mihaela? This Blood Court had taken her family, no doubt, but he had one. The Rakulacans—and with her, he could get the respect she wants, the glory he desires—as Patriarch. POWER UNBRIDLED. Thelriatam began to laugh, a deep rumble that only grew to a thunderous crescendo. He turned quickly on his heel. “You want freedom? You want power? Just the two of us—we will not be able to secure it. Not really.” Thelriatam threatened a smile. “Tell me, my sire. How would you like to be an Empress?”
