It has been said that The Hall of Endless Debate welcomes all voices and opinions, and many have made their way to this great center of learning to offer unorthodox or unconventional ideas. One such recent arrival is a gaunt, brighteyed Harimari named Suhan.  Suhan quickly differentiated himself from the many other voices at the Hall with his exceptional eloquence and unusual rhetorical style. His unassuming words, tinged with a slight Yan accent, always seem to carry two levels of meaning, simultaneously humorous and sharply perceptive. "Guru Suhan'', as his followers call him, has rapidly risen into prominence among the Debate Masters of Rayavhashapal, and has begun to verbally spar with some of the greatest thinkers in the city.  In his confrontations with the masters,Suhan has shown himself to be more than just a masterful speaker, however, but a singularly genius philosopher. His doctrine, a personal creation that he refers to simply as 'The Praxis', is as unique as his rhetorical style. Suhan's Praxis holds principles derived from all of the other major philosophies but seems equally critical of each philosophy by itself. He admires the Orange Sash for their love of family while decrying the way they exclude women and foreigners from their halls; he argues as strongly for the Starry Eye's pursuit of knowledge as he argues against their 'isolationist ivorytower' outlook; and in one breath he can sing the praises of the Golden Palace's excellent administration while declaiming their hatred for those who do not abide the structure they impose.  Suhan's knowledge of all seven major schools of philosophy has made him difficult to best in debate, and his brief time in Rayavhashapal has sent shockwaves through the academic community. He recently departed the Hall, sweeping out as suddenly as he had arrived, heading into the countryside; supposedly to teach philosophy to the lower castes. Where he is heading next we do not know for sure; but it seems unlikely that this Suhan and his Praxis will do anything but gain followers in the coming years.
