Vezha watched as a group of Bloodcloaks approached on their horses, red cloaks fluttering in the wind. Others in the camp had noticed too; they gathered around her as she stood in its centre, the worry making her sick to her stomach. To the north, she knew, the Askalyn burned. The shamans and lorekeepers lay slaughtered, a millennia and a half of history gone up in flames. And now their killers were here. Mothers and fathers kept their children close, Vezha’s own daughter huddling by her side. Finally, the Bloodcloaks arrived. “Hark, thieves. Raiders,” their commander called, with the usual venom, and in the local tongue, of course, though Vezha and a few others in the tribe could understand, with difficulty. “The Brotherhood has decided on a new course.” A murmur rose through the camp as hushed translations filtered through the crowd. “All Chendhyan tribes are to provide two weights of milk, two barrels of feed, and five weights of grain, or a cat’s head, or two men, or one woman, at the holdfast at Nisae.” The hushed translations stopped, their translators too shocked. “Every month.” And now too indignant. Vezha stepped forwards, worry replaced with righteous anger. Her catmount roared, baring its teeth. “We barely have enough as is. You raid our camps, you cut our tents, you kill our animals, you assault and maim and enslave our people.” She bore the scars herself; everybody in the tribe did. “Trample our freedom and for what? By what right?” “FOR the sins of your forefathers. BY the right of Retribution.” the commander raged, unsheathing his greatsword. “And by clemency. Bloodcloaks, to me.” He called, and at his command, his men unsheathed their swords and rode roughshod through camp. They slashed tents and bedrolls, broke pots and vases, killed livestock; it took all Vezha had to stop her people from defending themselves. Those who did were swiftly cut down. Finally, the men settled back in the square, now surrounding the Chendhyans. “Give tribute, and the raids stop. That is the price of staying our blade. The holdfast at Nisae. Every month, or woe. Woe forevermore.” With another shouted command, the Taychendi left, hooves thundering behind them. That night, the tribe settled on a cat’s head.
