The ruler smiled as they strode through the ruined, burning city, hands clasped behind their back, flanked by their companions and guards. The air was thick with smoke and screams, burning cloth and wood and flesh, as the Bloodcloaks razed the settlement to the foundations. Packed tents, animal pens, stables, wooden storehouses and meeting or drinking halls all went up in flames. The ruler halted for a moment as they watched a few brotherhood soldiers slaughter a big cat trying desperately to defend the corpse of its former rider. The ruler turned to the companion closest to them, their lieutenant, Daratam. “Would you say that the Guaraddhi is secure, Daratam?” the ruler asked. A child’s cries pierced the air. Though their companion wore a fullface helmet, the ruler knew when an elf was raising their eyebrow at them. “Well… of course, my ruler. This was the last free city in the eastern plains.” The ruler laughed as they continued their stroll through the ruined city. “Yes, yes, of course. The steppe itself is under our control. But is it secure?” The blank look beneath Daratam’s visor prompted the ruler to elaborate. “Would it be feasible for us to lose our grip once more, as we did after Gophira’s fall?” The companion shrugged as they strode through the last embers of the carnage and destruction. “I suppose. Maybe someone from the east would attack us – the Kheionai?” The ruler nodded. “Yes, yes… and should we be vanquished by those attackers, as the Chendhyans have been defeated by us? What then of our sacred mission?” “We would—” a cry for mercy from the group’s right briefly interrupted Daratam, as he snapped his head away to inspect the source – before a swift swing of another Bloodcloak’s sword ended it. “—Die… just as that raider did just then. We would fail.” “Precisely.” the ruler said, smiling. “And so with one goal completed, another reveals itself.” The ruler halted once more, turning to their companion. “I think it’s time we remade our purpose. The threats to our east multiply, even as those at home dwindle. Modernisation is essential. Has it ever occurred to you, Daratam, that Taychend may be its own worst enemy?” As a thousand tragedies played out around them, the companion laughed now too. Orphans made, sons and wives and brothers and mothers cut down. History lost in the future’s making. “If that is so, my ruler, then it seems we have more work to do yet.”
