The Regent Court believes that when you die, you get judged by Nerat, and depending on if you have lived according to your patron deity's ideals, it determines whether you go to Hell, serve penance in Nerat's armies against Hell, or live your life in blissful paradise in your respective deity's divine plane. While the nature of the Infernal Planes and Nerat's Fugue Plane has been confirmed by countless accounts of demons bound in summoning circles and Red Reapers sighted hunting down the undead, it is the nature of the Celestial Planes that has eluded most of the modern world until now. Great research and forays into planar binding have allowed the Ravelian Church to contact and communicate with a great number of celestial beings and have discerned that they too are just as lost as we are. Their beliefs and lore are just as diverse and shrouded in mystery as ours, but one thing persists throughout. that the equivalent of their founder or creator is dead, and that their origin myths all contain an ancestral homeland that their race originated from. This revelation, combined with new transcripts from the God Fragment and crossreferencing commonalities of myth in our world's cultures and religions, has led to the conclusions that. Heaven exists, but its gates are closed and its location forgotten with the neardeath of the One God. The Fugue Plane exists, but not in the way we know it. It is not a demiplane associated with the Shadow Plane, but is instead a Fugue domain, a political entity that exists within the Shadow Plane itself. There, the dead do get judged, but not by Nerat, but by celestial angels of death. Not only that, but the powers of both the celestial and infernal ebb and flow due to belief in their creators. Since the belief in a One God has faltered, so has the powers of the celestials, explaining their absence in the Prime Material Plane. It is with this that the Ravelian Church now believes more than ever that revealing the truth of a One God to the world is paramount, and that by restoring faith in God, the gates of Heaven will open and salvation can be achieved by all, both mortal and celestial. The Ravelian Debate in question now lies on how do we achieve salvation and empower God in the first place? The Zealot Doctrine states that conversion is but the first step. The Regent Court mythos of emulating your patron's ideals is the truth. God is good and wants us to be good. We must perform good works for the church, ourselves, and each other if we are truly to empower God. The Erudite Doctrine states that it is true belief and understanding alone that empowers God. Not only knowing, but truly understanding the Truth is what faith is made of, and as such, we can only achieve true salvation through ruminating on the truths that have been revealed before us.
