A second grand hall has formed in the face of a new debate. Raaghitaan. You have once again been selected to be a judge, my liege. Raaghitaan is a simple concept amongst the Baashidi. After the sun crosses the horizon, prayer is held. At noon, prayers are held. As the sun crosses over the horizon, prayers are held. It's frankly simple. While busy people like you, my liege, may not observe this practice, most of your kingdom does. It's one of the core tenets of our faith, and while not strict in its schedule, its importance cannot be understated. Mwalim and Darwiiz wish to help the people of the Jasiir Jadid judge at what times events should be observed. Thus, two proposals have been shown. The Darwiiz proposed constructing sun dials in every major city. The sun dial has been a great tool for the Baashidi when practicing Raaghitaan. It's easy to understand, and already in use in a variety of settings. By building larger versions, it would provide people without access to their own sun dials to easily be able to tell the time and observe Raaghitaan. The Mwalim have what they consider an easier solution. the astrolabe. It's a representation of the night sky, normally used for navigation. Many scholars, though, have pointed out the use of the astrolabe in calculating daynight cycles. Based on the position of how stars move across the night sky, one can more accurately predict when the sun will rise and fall. It also includes the benefit of functioning even on cloudy days, as predictions can be done in advance. While this tool wouldn’t be publicly available, with calculations being done by scholars who would announce it to the public, Darwiiz claim that the use of the stars as guides could pose the risk of shaking the graves of the dead gods, and spreading negative energies across the Jasiir Jadid. Mwalim claims that the gods are dead, and that their stellar corpses should be treated as such; there is nothing to worry about while using the astrolabe. Rulings are coming in sire. They need your vote. What will you decide?
