Sire, an emergency meeting has just been announced by the Grand Hall. Only a select few have been invited. I’ve heard from the grapevine that Aviwe, the Oracle King of the Merfolk Empire, was the one who asked for the rulers of the Baashidi to come together. The only thing that is set in stone is the topic. exchanging Baashidi scholars for Merfolk scholars. It seems that Aviwe has decided to bring our worlds closer together after all. He is one of the most powerful living mages on Halann, boasting immortality and extreme potency in evocation and divination magics. It is said that thanks to him, the merfolk were able to extensively improve their living conditions and technology to the point where they defeated the Deep Devils in their own territory. The plan he outlined is that select courts would provide him with a selection of advisors, and in exchange, all participating kingdoms would receive merfolk scholars in turn. While humans cannot breathe underwater, the merfolk claim to have advanced magics that would allow for any land dweller to be able to venture under the sea without any issues. Before you head out to Abeesooyinka to meet with him, I should warn you of two things. The exchange would be permanent. Members of your court would take their families to the lands of the Merfolk Kingdoms and live the rest of their lives under the sea. The merfolk would provide their own courts and would arrive onto our lands as well permanently. We would have to provide and accommodate the merfolk cabinet. As their needs are quite different from our own, we would have to construct rooms for them to live in. They would all need to be supplied with sea water. Although merfolk are able to live outside of the water, from my understanding, it wouldn’t be the most comfortable experience. Some choose to, but I assume there’s a reason you don’t see many. It seems that this exciting possibility is being kept secret until an outcome is decided. They also hope for a quick response. What are you thinking, my liege?
