The Ursibadur patriarch pulled the person seated next to him on the dais into an embrace, clinking his cup to theirs. “By all the gods, do I love a good party,” he bellowed, as he surveyed the great feast in the hall of the House of Vice. “Music playing, dancers dancing, food and wine and merriment abundant. Is this not why we live?” Jalinpan Ursibadur looked at his captive with a smirk on his face – he was met with pure hatred, and not silent rage. “If you think feasts and festivities will make me forget what you took from me,” the deposed ruler of Royakottar spat, as the person pulled away from the elf who usurped their throne, “then you are a fool, Ursibadur.” Jalinpan merely laughed in response, taking a swig of his drink. “Oh, you may be thinking that now, but give it a few years – the wine will wash away the hurt.” He gestured to the festivities with his cup. “Look at my kingdom, the Ursibadur dynasty. It has barely been a day and they have already forgotten.” The Ursibadur could see his own family mixing with the remnants of the others. Arichanna, the Vustarin matriarch spoke to Jalinpan’s son, a weary smile on her lips, as the patriarch of the Kattyva mingled with Jalinpan’s daughter, his new betrothed. The Nymkorai were all dead, but that was no big loss. They were no fun at parties anyway – and their destruction would secure Ursibadur control of the trade routes for generations. The fighting had been relatively brutal – in the early stages at least, or throughout if you were a Nymkorai. Poor fellows, them. But after the dust had settled, what use was it settling old scores or engaging in wanton cruelty? This was a new realm, a new Taychend. Jalinpan turned again to the deposed ruler, who was still sulking. “Please, ruler… relax. We still have an empire to rule outside these walls, my friend – and if you are well behaved, maybe you’ll even get to see it again.” Jalinpan noticed the person’s cup was empty – he graciously refilled it, along with his own. He offered the former ruler a toast with a smile. To Jalinpan’s surprise, they accepted it – a small smirk appeared at the corner of their mouth. “Soon a new day will dawn,” the patriarch said, as the new and old king clinked their glasses together, “but that is for tomorrow. Today, we feast.”
