Vindar Kalavna awoke to the sounds of sea birds and lapping waves, then to the feel of binds around his wrists, ankles, and stomach. He ached everywhere. His muscles burned when he tried to struggle against the ropes that bound him to a chair. He looked around. They were atop the seafacing walls of Kottar Orenkoriam, the ocean far below them. “No use struggling, Mister Kalavna. The deal is done…” Vindar looked to the source of the familiar voice. It came from an elf counting and inspecting stacks of golden coins arrayed on the wall, twin sabres hung on his back. Seronpan Nymkorai. Vindar’s eyes widened with rage. A few days ago he had refused an offer of acquisition from the Nymkorai family; clearly their patriarch had rejected that refusal. “I’ll have my family will have your head for this. If you think this will accomplish anything, you’re wrong.” Vindar shouted with a hoarse voice. “My children–.” “Your firstborn’s swimming with the fishes, Mister Kalavna.” Seronpan said in a deadpan voice, still counting his coins. “And soon, you will be too.” Vindar’s heart dropped. But he hadn’t mentioned his other child. If he had escaped, maybe– “Pelozhil,” the elf called. Vindar’s secondborn walked into the ageing merchant’s view, unbound and untouched. Vindar called out to him, but the young man couldn’t even bear to look in his direction. Seronpan gestured to the stacks of gold. “Your payment. I trust you’ll spend it wisely, and that you’ll find your new job satisfactory.” Pelozhil Kalavna accepted the money, turning to his father one last time. “I’m sorry, father.” He said, a grim look on his face. “You always neglected me, and– and–” Tears formed at the corners of his eyes. Pelozhil turned away, speaking softly under his breath. “I never would have inherited the company anyway. They gave me an offer I couldn’t refuse…” Vindar slumped back in his chair, the fight gone, as his son walked away. He had been betrayed. Seronpan, he turned to one of his guards, a wry smile on his face. “Camnan, I think our friend might be getting a little thirsty. Why don’t we give him a drink?” The Nymkorai head laughed heartily; his guards followed suit.
