The monarch grimaced as they walked through the House of Vice, embarrassed despite their station. The monarch could see every trade the Ursibadurs dabbled in as they passed through the halls filled with scantily clad elven dancers and courtesans, packed gambling tables, drunken patrons stumbling from bar to bar. When they finally reached the office of Evindash Ursibadur, the family patriarch, they found the man reclined on a gilded chair, boots up on a desk of Effelai wood, crumpling its gold-threaded covering cloth. He smiled warmly as he gestured for the monarch to sit. “How did you find the House, dynasty?” he asked. “I instructed my family to offer you anything you desired. I trust you—” “I wasn’t interested,” the monarch coldly responded. They had indeed been offered many gifts—spirits and White Lelivazha, a private show, a few companions for their pleasure. “Not my idea of fun.” Evindash chuckled, offering a nonchalant shrug in response. “Well, I suppose it was a fool’s game anyway.” He poured the monarch a cup of wine; the monarch accepted this, at least. “If you were so willing to partake, I wouldn’t need to invite you. Do you know why I did?” The monarch shook their head as they brought the wine up to take a sip. The Ursibadur laughed heartily. “I suppose I wonder if you undervalue my family’s contribution to the city. I had hoped to show you at least a part of our value,” he said, gesturing with a free hand as he took a swig of his own wine. “But the Mercenary King stands above, I suppose. So I may as well give you a few words and send you on your way. Tell me, what do you think drives elves to fight, conquer, betray?” “Ambition,” the monarch replied instantly, from cultural instinct. “Glory in life and after—apotheosis, a place in the heavens.” “Yes… desire.” The monarch was about to protest the twisting of their words, but Evindash Ursibadur cut them off. “What you have just described is desire. A bodily need, nothing holy or sacred. You lust for glory and thirst for divinity just as you’d lust for your partner or thirst for a good drink.” The warlord sat back in their chair with a sullen look crossing their arms. “Soul and body are of the same system, dynasty. Just as you cater to your people’s desire for death and glory, I cater to their desire for a good time.” For a second, the monarch remained solemn—but as they looked at the Ursibadur’s earnest smile, the passion written clearly on his face, they couldn’t help but let it affect them. The monarch raised their cup to the patriarch.
