My heart was pounding. My mouth was dry. Every sentence I babbled was followed by a wild gesture. One moment, I was waving my hands, another I was pointing toward one of the warriors gathered. I could not help but pace back and forth. My feet tromping as I claimed every bit of space in the clearing made by throngs of clanselves surrounding me. I felt like a mad fool, deluded into thinking my people believed a word I said. Yet, when I locked eyes with each elf before me, I saw only faith. Even after years of neverending war. Years of blood, tears, and too many lost loved ones. They still believed in me. “My bloodkin. Never forget each breath is not given. It is taken. Remember the Bone Struggle.” I pound my chest. My throat aches, but still I feel the words erupt, “Yfel Cenág.” A thousand chest pounds drum out as I hear my words echoed in a chorus back to me, “Yfel Cenág." I pound my chest again, “Yfel Cenág.” My kin do the same, roaring with the might of thunder. But, it wasn’t enough. My voice cracks as I scream one last time, “Yfel Cenág.” What came after left the bones that littered our land rattling. It was not simple thunder, it was the storm. It was a clan’s anguish and anger, its hopes and dreams, and most of all, its desire to live. When the bellows and shouts finally died, as all things do, I gestured for the warriors to head out. I felt my stomach lurch as I ushered my commands. That ever present voice whispered why anyone was listening to someone like me, but practice had made it easier to focus. And, after an hour, the clearing had emptied leaving me seemingly alone to my thoughts. The voice questioned quietly again. Could I really just let my people, my kin, ride out to danger without me? I was the clan head, their leader. It was a position I was never supposed to hold, the least I could do was be there with them. I moved to mount up, letting action not thought answer the voice that filled my head. But, before I could hoist myself up, a familiar someone called out.
