Lanhara and I froze as we entered the desolate, shadowdraped audience chamber. There Irvah Ayeth, the elf who had taught me war and glaive, was seated not on the highseat but beneath it clutching some dirty cloak. He paid neither me nor Hara, his own granddaughter, heed despite our gentle calls. Hara motioned me still before approaching the sullen elf, trying to softly stir the clan of Salla Ayeth. When that failed, she became forceful. The same piercing questions she had set upon me, she now let loose against Irvah. What of clan Ayeth? What of her and her father? I didn’t catch what he whispered, but there was no missing Hara light up in anger. It was only the second time I had ever seen her this way. Gone was any restraint. She cursed. She screamed. She stomped. Yet despite her fury and demands to know where the stalwart of Ayeth was, she was given no answer. Eventually, her anger faded. She simply turned and left. One scalding look was all I needed to wordlessly follow. And as we moved to exit the audience chamber, we found ourselves stopped by a wildlooking figure. Immediately, my instincts motioned me to step in front of Lanhara. As I did, I heard my love’s voice whisper, “Father?” My jaw dropped. This elf was Elaria? “He's dead, daughter. Just like my mother and your grandmother,” Elaria started flatly, ignoring the question. “His body just hasn’t caught up.” Neither of us replied, uncertain of what to say, but Elaria paid our silence no heed. Instead, his fists clenched as a dangerous edge lined his voice, “He refuses to act. Even when our people can’t afford it. Not when those vermin infest our lands.” His eyes finally meet mine. Even eye to eye, I couldn’t recognize the elf I once called oathfather. “But you are different, my dear. Salla Cenág is different.” His fists loosened and he offered his hand to me. “My oathdaughter, we will do what he cannot. We will save our people.” I felt myself tighten under his hollow gaze. This was grief. Rage. Anguish. It was something that couldn't be faced alone, but he wasn't alone.
