A grand set of concentric ritual circles was prepared, dwarfing the previous one. Its construction has taken days, which the thousands of gnolls gathered have spent feasting and slaughtering. Their numbers seem to have multiplied, the initial group brought along with the Medaka having been bolstered by new arrivals from Elikhet knows where. At night strange, unholy sounds have been heard from the farthest edges of the gnollish camps, shrieks of brutal ecstasy inextricably merged with agony; certainly not of this plane. Such activity has deeply disconcerted the Medaka’s advisors, who have spent as much time as possible holed up within their tents. The long-awaited hour has finally come, though. The monarch stands on a platform before the central circle, quietly cackling with madness flickering in their eyes. Their reddened eyes gaze upon the sight before them. thousands of sacrifices await their fate within the circles, human and gnoll alike. Green flames lick at the platform’s base as an uneasy quiet descends on the sordid camp. The witches at their sides wrap them in ironwood chains, and usher them towards the pyre that has been fed with oh so many bodies. The ruler must pass through the fire to gain the incredible power they were promised. Ten thousand pairs of eyes fix on the monarch. As the ruler steps before the pyre, the ground begins to shake. A terrible grating noise, as if the bones of the earth were grinding each other to dust, begins as shrieks erupt from all around the pyre. Within the tooblack smoke, faint green eyes begin to shine in an otherworldly light. “Fool of a human.” The writhing smoke surged forth. “Entire empires have been offered in my name, and here you stand before me with naught but a few thousand wretched souls. And your soft, weak flesh.” Torrents of flame burst forth from the pyre. In an instant, they wrap around the Medaka, yanking the ruler into the fire, which explodes into a pillar of fell flame, immediately burning away the innermost tent rings. A raspy cackling sounds, as if from the earth itself, and chaos overtakes the site.
