The creaking of that ancient door shook me awake. It was a vault door cast of some unrusting metal, so caked with dust that it must have been lost for a millennium. I do not know how I opened it. I have the vaguest, fleeting memory of spinning the massive wheel back and forth, inputting a code to unlock it. No single creature could have pulled this immense door ajar even slightly, and yet… Here I stand in the deepest dark I have ever seen. Within, I hear it. A voice, whispering to me from the depths, deep and serious. Ambitious. I step across the threshold into the vault, and at once it is all around me. It beckons me forward, and I follow. I am more awake now than I have been in weeks, more keenly aware of the world around me than I have ever been in my life. I take step after step and my vision swirls in the impossible dark as images appear before me. Fire that consumes the world around me. Stone that shatters where my hands and feet touch. A bloody crusade to seize the Dwarovar and make it ours forevermore. Then, I tripped on a loose stone and tumbled to the ground. I only realized how quiet and still it had become when the voice roared above me, now a single booming call rather than a chorus of whispers. “Would you have the eyes to see? The hands to make this dream reality?” My throat was dry, but I spoke through the pain, the words that had been left for me to study. “O. Mighty Dookan, Lord of Shadow and Fury. I, Zur Shadowdreamer, bow my head beneath your dark light. Your whispers guide my hand, your fire sharpens my blade, and your wrath flows through me like an unending river. Let their axes break upon my skin. Let their gold crumble to dust in my hands. Let no dwarf escape the cleansing I bring in your name.” A rough hand reached from the impenetrable darkness and grabbed me by the neck, and I felt another push a stone into my hand. “Believe,” it said. At once the room was bright. It was as though there was a torch behind my eyes, and everything was lit from that source. I looked down at my hand and the chunk of some kind of ore that now lay in it. Quickly, in tendrils starting from within, it was transforming from dull and dark to something brilliant and glittering.
