Days before the seventh level is reached, the sixth layer is already overflowing with thousands of shamans from every clan of orks across Halcann. They sleep in tents and even on the ground, near the central access shaft, just to be as close as they can to what might be Dookan's true location. As the days go by more and more ancient weaponry and armor is lifted from the shaft, the shaft seems to be almost entirely filled with the remains of a battle, their first battle. Days later, orks step foot on the seventh layer for what must be over seven and a half thousand years according to dwarven records. Shamans begin rushing down the shaft and over the rubble, climbing over fallen pillars, pushing one another aside in a frenzy to reach Dookan. Across the hold they find what might be the oldest orks ever, petrified orks with weaponry and armor unknown to the shamans, turned to stone by what must have been dwarven mages. The shamans try unpetrifying one with a ritual, but he turns to ash. Among the group of stone orks they see men and women, but no children. After searching for hours they pick up on a trace of magical energy in the damp air, which they end up following to a dwarven temple. They enter into the building, and as the horde of shamans, black, green, gray, and brown make their way closer to the source of the magic, even the least gifted shaman can feel it; this source is incredibly potent. The thousands of shamans begin exploring the temple, which appears to have been defaced thoroughly. Ancient dwarven deities have had their statues toppled, and murals are carved to a state of chaos. As the crowd slowly makes it to the back of the temple, they find an area emanating so much raw magic it makes some shamans sick, others cry. This must be Dookan's doing. The shamans take turns observing the area from a distance; none dare step into it. They identify a circle of chalk on the floor used in some spell foreign to them, writing on the wall in a language they do not understand, and magic in the air they cannot identify. Along the circle lay thousands of urns, their contents long gone. Whatever happened here will have to be decided in a conclave, when the other investigations are done.
