The shamans of the realm have gathered one last time to discuss the facts, visions, stories, murals, relics, prophecies, the Dookansearch, the dwarven war and collapse, and that holy battlefield. They all agree on certain parts. Seven and a half thousand years ago the dwarves were waging a fierce war against a faction of elves, who almost captured the dwarven capital in Amldihr but were pushed back and one of their mage generals, Ducaniel, and his armies retreated to HulJorkad. They held the hold for what could have been years, their armies slowly suffering due to rebellions of the dwarves inside, being sieged from the tunnels and elves fleeing into Bulwar. Eventually the gates fell and Ducaniel and his regiments retreated deeper into the hold. This process continued until they were crammed into the seventh level of HulJorkad, having lost their access to the farms on the fourth. Ducaniel began preparing a spell, which can be seen in the temple. From that level orks have either spawned or erupted in large numbers and overtaken the hold. That is where the opinions begin to differ. As days of arguing turn into weeks, they still cannot decide if Dookan spawned them, they dug in, they were teleported in or they were already a part of Ducaniel's army. The Brown ork shamans have perhaps the most divergent belief. They claim that the elf mage general Ducaniel is in fact Dookan, and he cast a spell to create the orks, ascending to godhood right in that temple. They cite their similar names, the fact that orks have no history prior to this hold's level, and the fact they have been calling him Dookanil all this time as insurmountable evidence of these facts. They differ on the opinion whether Dookan is still alive, or whether the magic in the air is all of him that's left. As the weeks go by more and more clan shamans join their side, until the realm is split in two. Those who accept the notion that Ducaniel is in fact Dookan, an elf turned god, who has since abandoned the orks but has blessed them with life and purpose. And those who reject that notion. Dookan was not an elf but a god, Ducaniel may have been his avatar, assuming the shape of an elf and using the elves to create a homeland free of dwarves for the orks, spawning the orkish race in from this hold. He was however captured by dwarven gods and orks must free him by killing dwarves and desecrating their temples until their gods are dead and Dookan is freed. The two factions fail to reconcile their differences and the conclave ends without conclusion. A feeling of uneasiness falls over the ruler, who now sees the shamans beginning to divide the realm, instead of unifying it. As the conclave comes to a close shamans from both factions start bothering the ruler about changes that need to be made to the TugundOraz.
