Ungrim Grayband and his army of recruits began settling down after hours of endless marching, finally arriving at the specified site. The location was a small cave situated five miles north of Varamhar, along some rolling hills. Waiting for them there was an encampment of mages, led by one Elrico Panthocci. They chatted for hours about the supposed process, and as day became night, and the men became restless, Ungrim signed his men to begin entering the cave. Nobody knew how twenty thousand men would fit in this small room, but as they entered, the true size of the cave became apparent, as it stretched for miles under the surface, with magical spells embedded to the floor. Marble slabs were found all throughout the cave, and also had the same spells carved out. The room itself even felt as if it had an aura, as if it was alive. People began to feel afraid, and even more so as the cavern itself began to tremble and shake. The process was commencing, and Ungrim Grayband was heard telling his men to be brave and have courage, before the cave itself closed in on itself. The floor trembled, and light beamed out from cracks in the floor. The dirt and sturdy stone that stood above the cave now began to crumble away. Suddenly, a large shockwave burst throughout the area, blowing dust all over the fields and hills, but that wasn’t the end of it. The dust came back in, and brought even more with it. Everything began to dive into the cave like it was a singularity, absorbing everything into the bright hole that now lay in the place of the twenty thousand men. Spirits wisped and danced around as funnels formed, diving matter straight into oblivion. The cave got brighter and brighter, almost appearing like a star. The few bystanders that remained prepared for an explosion, but it never came. The whisps began making their way back into the hole, and the light began to dim out. The process had been completed. Elrico Panthocci was the first to come out, with a creature at his side. It had skin of marble, and its eyes were dark. It stumbled, and had to be assisted on its way out. Elrico spoke softly to the being, as its eyes slowly began to glow a bright green. As soon as it got a glimpse above, at the night sky, it spoke, I am Ungrim Grayband, leader of the Vîhtebloth. I remember who I am. The experiment was a success. The rest of the mages then appeared, guiding the rest of the Vîhtebloth out of the cave. They have gone past the limits of their humanity. Now remains the question, of how shall we now manage such a powerful force?
