The second day of festivities is usually planned for twenty days in advance, to make sure that the closing event to the festival happens smoothly. As usual though, there has been no blessing given out. The monarch must hand out the honor of who to sell the finest piece of marble in the land to. It is to note that marble of this quality and of this size isn’t just business, it’s passing on what art should be created from this piece, and what historical precedent it should have. We have six parties who show interest in buying the piece, and who may actually be able to afford it. One is a group of Magisters from Auraire, who have come to represent the order known as the Magisterium. They wish to use it to represent one of their finest Magisters, who had died tragically due to a magical mishap which resulted in an explosion. Another possible buyer comes from a house of local merchants known as the síl Dove. They wish to show off their wealth and extravagance through purchasing the piece and transforming it into a gigantic statue of the founder of their house. The síl Hapainé family from Port Jaher has shown interest in buying the piece as well. As a navally active family, they have shown plans of using the piece to show the family history of naval warfare and trade. The síl Orston family are one of the only halfling groups to make the voyage to Brasan. Notable for being famous advisors to the mayors of Beepeck and Emperors of Anbennar, they plan to use the piece to show the scriptures and rules that their family lives by, and their keys to success as a constant reminder of their heritage. A notable house of winelords, known as the síl Sorren, have also arrived and have made a notable presence selling Sorncosti wine during the festival. They have stated that they wanted to use the marble during the construction of the supposedly largest patio known to man. While these claims seem dubious, they do have the money to back it up. Finally, a military family from Port Munas known as the síl Haven arrived only a couple of days ago. They requested to purchase the marble under the pretense that they would use it for a masterfully crafted column with the military history of their family carved out piece by piece, by some of the most famous architects of this generation. With so many contenders, we must be wise with our decision, for the one piece we have is real, and it should be used for something meaningful.
