In ancient times, the Marble Gate served two purposes. First, it would be closed to defend the Dwarves from intruders. Second, its engravings exhibited the artistry of Shazstundihr's stoneworkers, and was emblematic of the marble hold and its trade. But in our time, both of these purposes are lost. After we stepped beyond its threshold and built peace in Bulwar, there are no longer any intruders to repel and many Dwarves spend much time on the surface among our new citizens. When we considered how to restore the Marble Gate, we realized that it must embody a new purpose to reflect the changes we have wrought.  A sea of onlookers watched over many days as the ruin of the gate was methodically repaired, with thick marble plates covering the worn and damaged exterior and the frame itself being entirely replaced. Once complete, the two doors of the gate were closed, and the great work began. The masons began engraving on both sides, but those outside the gates could only see what occurred from their side. Massive linear dwarven runic patterns were engraved on the outside face of the gates. But one day, the Dwarves stopped their carving while the doors overall seemed quite bare, and the onlookers were puzzled at first. Surely the restoration of the Marble Gate could not be completed so quickly and so simply by the skilled Dwarves? These murmurs were silenced when people closer to the gate shouted that they could still hear hammering and chiseling. The work was continuing from the inside.  After weeks, the crowd's patience was at last rewarded. Grinding stone reverberated out as the colossal doors slowly opened, and all stood under the bright white shadow of the Marble Gates. The insides of the gate doors had been expertly engraved with scenes from throughout four thousand years of Bulwari history: the genies and the Godkings; the rise of the Sun Cult; the establishment of the Bulwari Accord; the Akalsesi Renaissance, the landing of Jaher; and crowned with the refounding of Shazstundihr. More than just a monument to Shazstundihr or Bulwar, it was clear to all that the Marble Gate glorifies civilization itself, in all its successes and struggles. The future is built over the past, and in Shazstundihr we have erected an eternal marble foundation that all posterity will be constructed on. We looked to those who came before, and now we shall lead and inspire those who come after, with gates perpetually open.
