It was a chilly morning in the steppe. The thaw had settled well for the year and the Yomod Rüsh were returning to the far north, ready to graze the terrorbird herds in the unforgiving permafrost. Things were slow for the most part; these were the few relatively easy days in a Shuvüüsh’s life throughout a typical year. A perfect day for the ruler and the heir to go out into the forested wilderness before the tribe had to move southwards. With the first light of dawn, they rode out of camp on their trusty terrorbirds; both younglings, as the ruler’s last one had recently passed from old age. The two of them spent the entire morning bonding, terrorbirds never out of their sight, as losing both could mean days until a search party finds them. Be it chasing down prey on their trusty steeds or stalking the local fauna on foot, they made sure to savour these last days of relaxation before the harsh winter of the steppe knocked at their door once more. Come dusk, it was alas, time to return to camp, and the pair went on to mount their steeds. The heir arrived first, only to find a maskless man near the younger of the terrorbirds, the other creature seemingly on edge by his presence, yet curiously unmoving, as if frozen by fear. Before the heir could react, the heir found them on the ground with the man gnawing at their mask, trying to pry it out, screaming on top of them, writhing in agony at his apparent failure at ripping off the heir’s face. Suddenly, a horrible shriek was heard and the man, evident now that it was a facestealer, retreated, visibly wounded, into the foliage, the horrible sound slowly being drowned out by the forest. It was the ruler’s timely intervention that saved them that day. Sadly, the same could not be said for the heir’s beloved steed. The sun had completely set by that time and the pair was returning to camp on one terrorbird. “Don’t get too attached, kid. You’ll see a lot of them die in your lifetime.” The ruler consoled their teary-eyed child as best as they could. They had both learnt a valuable lesson that day. They are now.
