For those of the Feyrealm, time had never been a concern. Here, where life sprung freely, its passage was no more pressing than the light breeze that passed through the Blackened Prince’s burnt visage. On the other side, however, time was a roaring gale. The Prince could feel their minions overtaking the clans and creatures not yet swayed. There was still resistance, yes, but the first step had finally been taken. “This is not a wise course, dear Prince,” a whimsical voice echoed. “Indeed,” agreed a kind wizened voice. “This shall bear nothing but sour fruit.” “Shackles not growth,” something chittered darkly. “Stagnation not change.” A delicate verdant hand then grazed the Prince’s cheek, its owner softly whispering into their ear. “Such a rotten expression. Whatever happened to my dear Guardian of the Bloom?” The air cracked with the snap of wood as the Blackened Prince snatched away the hand. Deep within, the archfey felt a fury long smoldering threaten to erupt into a violent blaze. For a timeless moment, the flame of hatred nearly consumed him. But then the moment passed, for even in the Feyrealm time flowed on. “The Guardian is dead, fair Lady,” the Prince replied bitterly, turning to meet his gathered audience, “Nothing but ash like all the rest who were lost.” The Prince of Fools. Lord Blossom. The Herald of Change. Even the Emerald Lady. The Prince had known his actions would draw ire and attention, but that both Seelie and Unseelie were openly questioning him was more than he had anticipated. Yet, that did not mean he was unprepared. “But, I’ve not forgotten the Guardian’s charge,” the archfey continued before reaching within his charred body. Wood once more creaked and splintered as the Prince pulled out the one hope that had still dwelled within him. Gently uncurling his finger, the archfey produced a single seed not unlike an acorn, in both size and shape. Upon its sight, the other archfey said nothing. Their misgivings, their doubts, their questions still lingered. But, they did not. Alone once more, the Blackened Prince let his gaze rest upon the innocuous seed.
