Bal Hyl High Temple is a marvel of modern engineering. The citadel itself features a double moat, one surrounding the outer wall and another for the inner keep. The grounds have two barracks, a small training field, a series of officer and engineering quarters, an administrative building, the keep, and the high temple. From the administration lies a large rectangular courtyard with a series of pointed arch arcades with barrel vaulted ceilings, leading to three pairs of doors at the far end that give way to Bal Hyl High Temple. These doors open into an indoor balcony above a vast cavernous room extending far ahead, but also deep into the ground, the walls flanked by pillars as wide as three dwarves abreast, descending into the depths below. The pillars are each supported by a flying buttress extending towards the center of the room and down along the closest set of pillars run circular staircases leading to the floor. At the bottom there is a long ceremonial room lit by the great stone and glasswork dome at the center of the ceiling. Every so often along the wall is an iron door with brass filigree, leading to back rooms and tunnels far into the depths of Wexhills. The stochastic rhythm of dozens of smiths can faintly be heard echoing off the walls. That is until the sound of hurried footsteps begins to fill the great room as dwarves bring silverglass mirrors and candlelit lanterns to illuminate the far corners. A symphony company from Seinathíl begins to set up beneath a tapestry of the Emperor. Soon after, the guests arrive from all across the Empire, in dress varying from Lorentish gowns and flowered chest pieces, to the Havoric high fashion that has so recently taken to Esmaria, to the masquerading styles of the Corvurians, without the masks. But none compare to the Emperor who wears a mix of Lorentish and Havoric stylings with a simple chest piece, voluminous epaulettes flowing into wrist cuffs, and a fur shortcape with gold embroidering. The ceremony sees members of almost every major House in the Empire pass through the halls and courtyards of the grand temple, even some of síl Wex and cadet branches. Politics can have a selective memory, both for the better and for the worse. For over one hundred years the Empire was wracked by the Lilac Wars. Now, two hundred years gone, what remains of those tragedies? Dwarves can hold long grudges, but only a handful of dwarves today were alive then, and they were only children. Now, we stand atop Wexhills, but do we truly stand taller than House síl Wex?
