Ever since the awakening of the mighty Yanhe, the court of our ruler has been one of chaos. Our lord continued to stress over the many issues that their rise has caused, both across the land and within their mind as well. Our realm had long claimed its legitimacy as the Mantle of the Yanhe; the mighty Dragon Army marched across the Yan river under the banner of its fearsome might, striking panic into their enemies. However, this has been brought into question by some of those opposed to us, with the onset of the Rending and the end of their slumber. How can we claim the mantle of Yanhe when Yanhe ramages in our land, bringing devastation in their wake? What legitimacy do we have to this title when its namesake is busy causing untold damage to our realm? What was once whispers had now become the dominant argument amongst the court of our ruler, any semblance of decorum and peace long since gone. One such argument had been ongoing for hours, our lord long since exasperated at the going-on between their retinue, as the foundations seemingly shake, violent tremors rock the fortified basement room deep within the heart of our lord's Castle. The roof—no, the building itself—tears off its foundations, flung off to some far corner of the city, as the colossal form of Yanhe looks down upon the members of our lord's court. Their body is that of violent storms, huge in their stature. Their massive body filled the sky of Bianfang with lightning, thunderous sound to match their thunderous rage. Their being exuded raw, violent power. "To the lord of our realm, our lord, you claim the mantle of my domain. My name as your title, as you spread your influence along the length of my river. I find your claim to this mantle bold, yet I cannot help but be impressed with your recent achievements, if only somewhat. So I come to your court with an offer; pledge yourself to me and my service, tear down these abhorrent chains to my being, and you shall be rewarded in kind," orates the Great Spirit, voice booming down from the great Dragon's maw. The response from the members of the court was immediate, a violent outcry from the more zealous faithful of High Philosophy's teachings, demanding an immediate and violent response. Our lord ignored them, only speaking up to ask the spirit above them, "And what if I decline?", voice more fearful than confident. "Then I will take my due," the only response. The outcry from the other members of our lord's retinue increased at this, voices congealing into a loud mass of debate and argument, although none reached our lord's ears. All but deafened to the reality around them, our lord was lost within the confines of their own mind. All that had been fought for, all that they held, could be lost and then some in this very moment. To abandon their teachings, all they had known for years would be the height of blasphemy, and the response would be far from measured and calm. But the alternative, the wrath of Yanhe himself, weighs heavy on the shoulders of our lord. At last, silencing the court, the lord responds.
