The monarch gently swirls a glass of wine as they and the rest of the court try to come up with a way to stop Dhenbasana’s antics. A plan to lure the festive elephant to a grand feast, conveniently near a corrupted High Temple, was hatched. An invitation sent to the brightest minds of Haless, another of ambitious artists trying to push their news expressions, and a few more to the finest makers of wine and alcoholic beverage, be it human, harimari, elven, and especially the dwarves. The years of senseless partying shall finally end. A few months pass by as the preparations are done, not only to restore the ancient High Temple Complex but also the preparations for the festival. It shall be a feast of alcohol and mind. Innovations and beverages shall flow for the rest of the evening; nothing is taboo for a festival meant to attract a Great Spirit. Even the monarch spends weeks and months preparing for that event, preparing their mind and body for alarming amounts of alcohol consumed and mental tasks and competition by the philosophers from across Haless. The Festival goes deep into the night, till the stars are swallowed by the night sky before Dhenbasana is spotted by the court mages. The Great Spirit’s trunk deep inside a river of wine spewing from countless vases filled with the land's finest brews. A firework of arcane missiles is cast to entertain the guests and more importantly to signal the mages inside the High Temple Complex to activate the ancient temple. Gently awakening the ancient building while the Great Spirit indulges itself in its fest. The magical firework only continues and even intensifies, casting all kinds of colors and shapes into the sky, plenty ones in the shape of an elephant. The image of Dhenbasana as the Great Spirit continues to indulge itself quietly in the background of the party, tasting wine after wine of the land's greatest wines that even Great Spirits like Dhenbasana could not resist their influence, especially the dwarven brews, causing the Great Spirit to loosen up. Once that has been spotted, the court mages continue, giving a different signal, causing the earth to tremble a bit. The High Temple complex continues to awaken, radiating a gentle magical glow which slowly spirals out into an arcane pillar that stretches far into the sky. Dhenbasana continues to drink, more and more intensely, its body swaying with each step, weakened by both the alcohol and the magic of the high temple. Every passing moment, the Great Spirit grows weaker and in the depths of the night, the Great Spirit gives in, crashing onto a river of alcohol at the edge of the town. After a few moments, the monarch comes around to see the Great Spirit finally with their own eyes. The wine being mixed up with some blue and yellow hues among the deep red. With the Great Spirit finally defeated, the monarch lets out a sigh before getting closer, using an empty cup to grab some of the wine that the Great Spirit is laying with closed eyes enjoying every drop of it. The monarch looks upon the horizon as the dawn of a new day comes with their crimson gaze.
