The lord with tired eyes continues sitting upon their throne as they wait for the High Temples to finish restoration. Unlike other spirits, Gehet Ketine was an elusive one, peering into the dreams of mortals, and in most cases, those who are stalked by him in their dreams usually don㦙 wake up. Ever since the plans to end The Rending of the Realms started, more and more members of the court and guards around the palace did not wake up. It knew what the lord and they were up to. Days pass by, all kinds of warding magic to give even just five minutes to rest for the lord and court members. Gehet Ketine could not kill everyone at once, but it knew who started this project and it tries its best to stop it, stop the lord from taking the Great Spirit's freedom, and is fighting fiercely for it. It𠏋 a longlasting fight, all kinds of tricks, resources, and rituals are brought to keep the lord awake, not to fall asleep and prey to the Great Spirit. Gallons of caffeine were consumed by the court. But just before the final pieces were put in place for the completion of the High Temples, the lord collapsed after hundreds of days of vigilant resistance to sleep and the Great Spirit. Even the guards could do nothing against their body; it was too tired after months of staying awake. The lord then suddenly wakes up on their throne, feeling a little bit lighter, thinking that luck crossed them, but at a second look, the courtroom was simply empty, not a single soul in sight. Not even a second after starting to leave, the lord sees a little flood of tons of brown scorpions crawling towards them. With all their might, the lord pushes aside the fragments off their body before dashing the opposite side. What they assumed is real quickly turned into a nightmare as from the ceiling and gaps in the walls more and more scorpions started to pour into the palace. But that was not all, Gehet was not standing idle as its stinger pierced randomly through the wall, missing the lord just barely. The lord could only run for so long, what could they do alone against the Great Spirit? But one thing was for sure, they would not go down without a fight. This resolve was cut short when seconds later, a stinger plunged into their chest, plunging them onto the throne with a tired drop. Now awake, the courtroom is lively, no walls ruptured, the roof still there, guards around them all worried along with several court members. The lord thought that they were finished. But looking down where The Great Spirit pierced their body they now see a small brown scorpion being pierced by a blue and yellow arcane tendril. The edge of their lips raises as the nightmare is over. They and mind recovering fast as the arcane energies turn scarlet red, fueling their body with the spirits powers.
