Though the Rending of Realms has plunged Haless into a great chaos, the lands of the Lupulan have changed very little. The Great Spirit Lupulan is a unique soul, endlessly assisting the people of the forest that worship him with the neverending tide of vengeful yurei and jiangshi. But their power alone was not enough to be a protector of these lands and its people. No, our lord and their court could only end this disaster once and for all. They spent countless resources, charting out the lands, finding and securing these ancient High Temples. Years passed by as material and people were spent to rebuild these temples back to the height of their power and function, a sacrifice that had to be made for the future of these lands. After several years, the court receives a message that all the towers are now restored and working. Our lord and their court waste no more time, sending out mages early in the morning to finally activate the Temples. Our lord could only let out a sigh of relief as, soon, their future and the future of the nation were finally secured. Watching over a balcony, seeing the sky and heaven become enveloped in blue and yellow arcane energies. And just as evening is nearing, the guards come rushing by, telling our lord that they found Lupulan in depths of the tropical forests. Our lord could not stand idly by; after all, they are the ruler of these lands now and quickly hurries out of the royal palace towards the Great Spirit. With a small but elite escort, our lord gets close to The Great Spirit. A huge monitor lizard that towered over the escort now lies down on its stomach all exhausted and weakened. What used to be the symbol of the Mystic Accord could only look up at the shoes of our lord. It's enchanted hide, which is now all entangled in arcane blue and yellow colors with an occasional tug before it uses the last bits of its strength to look up at our lord. "I am sorry, but it seems your time is up, but don't worry I will protect these lands in your stead, and with your power, I will secure the future of it as well." Its lizards' eyes suddenly sharpen up, looking at our lord as they bow, doing a gesture of respect before turning away and the entangled web of arcane energies slowly turn a glowing crimson hue, radiating towards our lord as it slowly paints their robes and eyes red. This being the last light that the Great Spirit saw.
