Our lord looks over their balcony toward the rising sun in the east, casting its golden rays upon the rich lands. But that lasts only for a few moments before Yanhe shows itself across the lands, casting a shadow of might as they patrol the River and lands like a King of Kings. But it won't last much longer. While they bask in the glory of the sun, replacing its spot for the people of the lands, our lord and their people work in Yanhe's shadows. While Yanhe indulges itself in the offerings of people and spirits, our lord and their people work in the High Temples. While Yanhe rests, our lord and the court spend the nights and countless lives restoring the arcane magic in the Temples. After years, they can finally walk through the halls and chambers of Tianlou and its High Temple. Well, for a few more moments before Yanhe would approach our lord and the High Temple. Like a monolith towering over our lord𠏋 tiny silhouette, gesturing for them to kneel before the ruler of the lands. Alas, they could only smile, if not laugh, as they casually stretches out their right hand. Yanhe roars in annoyance that they defy their orders. And right before Yanhe could retaliate against our lord, the Temple Complex lights up with gorgeous golden hues before it bursts with arcane magic, pushing the Great Spirit off the Temple Complex. Yanhe takes a moment to process what happens before leaning back, looking toward them and the Temple Complex, pouring out a roar and divinelooking flames only to be blocked off by the Temples' arcane energies, which are soon followed by several pillars in the distance as other High Temples activate on the horizon. Only causing further confusion to the Great Spirit before several yellow and blue tendrils thrust out from the very river named after the Draconic spirit. Trying to wrap and entangle it. A spectacle to hold as the arcane tendrils and Yanhe wrestle, entangling the spirit more and more with each passing moment till it could not hold itself above the ground, causing them to crash onto the ground with a huge earthquake before the tendrils drag their body into the River, only for the river to gradually be dyed red. The once yellow and blue tendrils, now bursting out of the river, stream right onto the Temple. Our lord makes themselves known to the people. Addressing them from the top of the High Temple as the glorious golden rays of the sunshine turn red by the Temples. Basked in the bloodred light was they, causing the birds to take flight. "The disaster has finally finished. I swear that I𠍿 gonna turn our land into paradise, day by day. Undoing the damage that the spirits left behind and lead us into a brighter future." as now with the powers of Yanhe, they can change fate as they desire.
