Months and years passed as Phokhao continued to emit its radiant beauty across the Phokhao mountain range, attracting countless peacocks across Haless. However, the locals of the lands started to revere and worship The Great Spirit, or rather, its mystical might. The problem would soon be solved as the final preparations were done by the court, with plenty of court mages employed and tasked across Haless. The monarch could only impatiently wait as the plan was set in motion, waiting and observing while guiding the nation through these trying times. The monarch read the plan to shackle Phokhao again and again. Suddenly, a messenger rushed into the courtroom, accompanied by a hundred mages. "Everything is set up and ready, my lord," the messenger meekly stated. With that, the monarch got up, letting out a nervous sigh as the ruler stepped out of the building into a huge and empty space of the court. Everyone got into position, and the mages aligned to the walls before chanting arcane powers. The monarch stood in the middle of the court, observing the whole show. Pillars of magic appeared on the horizon as High Temples activated across Haless, coating the sky in a yellow and blue hue. Though it challenged Phokhao's radiant beauty, it wasn't enough. Phokhao alone was more radiant than any of these arcane pillars, but it got its attention. That's what the monarch was looking for, followed by the chanting of the mages intensifying as they channeled their powers upon the monarch, causing the ruler to burst into a torrent of arcane beauty. Enveloped in all colors of magic, the monarch attracted Phokhao towards the monarch, whose image was now magnified and enlarged into a massive illusion above the city the monarch was standing. The local populace knelt towards and gave prayers to the monarch instead of Phokhao. With that, the Great Spirit finally snapped, as there would be no one else to challenge its beauty and position. Phokhao spread its wings like a fiery bird before leaping down the mountain range, right towards the monarch. The chanting of the mages suddenly changed their tune, and the spiraling torrent of illusionary magic shifted before Phokhao burst through the massive and mocking illusion of the monarch, its beak aimed straight for the monarch's head. A sudden crash erupted in the middle, sending people, dust, and debris flying everywhere for a few moments. Once the dust settled, the monarch saw the majestic Great Spirit being enveloped by tendrils of yellow and blue colors, tightly grasping the Great Spirit before it started to sink onto the floor. It struggled and waved, but the arcane tendrils held it firmly. Looking around, the monarch could see the hired mages channeling all magical reserves onto the tendrils, combining their might with the arcane tendrils channeled from the High Temple Complexes across Haless. The monarch could only see defiance in its raging eyes as it was dragged onto its plane. While everyone else gathered the people and potentially wounded, the monarch saw one last glimpse of sadness, followed by submission, before it was fully gone along with the magical tendrils which sank onto the paved stone floor of the court.
