This proves to be our lord’s most challenging task yet for the nation. Restoring the High Temples across Haless was one feat, but the Demon Hills lacked a High Temple, and the warding elements in the restored Temples were scarcely understood due to their age. Countless individuals and mages were dispatched to find a method to redirect and ensure the Demon Hills felt the impact of the High Temple's magic. Many lives were sacrificed in vain, but it was a necessary endeavor to halt the impending disaster. Our lord maintained a cold focus, contemplating the toll these efforts took on lives. Eventually, the nation would recover from this, thanks to the sacrifices made; the future would be better and stronger. After years of reconfiguring the High Temples, our lord breathed a sigh of relief. With a small escort, they waited at the borders of the Demon Hills, just beyond Hokuma’s reach but close enough for Hokuma to sense them. With a decisive gesture, our lord signaled the court wizards escorting them to activate the Temples in the distance, painting the skies with explosive magic. They waited for the heavens to be adorned with ancient blue and yellow arcane colors, dispelling the spirits plaguing the realm before they inundated the demonic Hills. Sensing impending doom, Hokuma resisted as the black fog flooded from the ground and the Demon Hills, clashing against the warding magic of the High Temples. Like two rivers colliding, the black fog began to recede, revealing that even a Great Spirit has limits. With arcane magic pushing back Hokuma's might, our lord and the escort advanced into the Hills, deeper into the lands and an ancient forgotten temple. They walked toward the heart of the lands, Hokuma's prison. Only a door stood between our lord and the arcane magic from the High Temples, adorned with countless magic runes and spells. Hokuma, no longer fighting, hid in the only place left, hoping that the little freedom remaining wouldn't be taken away. However, our lord had no mercy left after dedicating so much time and resources to this cause. With another order to the court wizards, they blasted the door away with all their magical might, flinging it into a room filled with black goo. Though the fog was thick, the blue and yellow magic wrestled with Hokuma's fog, tearing it out and swallowing it back through the door. This further enraged Hokuma for a moment, but he had no power left. Our lord looked with a smile at what remained of Hokuma's might. The arcane magic slowly dissipated, its colors turning darker until they were fully sanguine, whirling past our lord’s body, the only thing Hokuma could see—a black silhouette with a spiral of red arcane magic pooling behind them. "You caused so much damage, but don't worry; with your powers, we can undo that. I can repair the damage you caused." With that, our lord emerged from the Temple with their guard, eyes glowing faintly red. They spread their arms, dispersing the fog towards them, now surrounded in a shroud of black and red fog, freeing the Demon Hills from Hokuma's influence once and for all by placing it under someone else's.
