Months and years pass by while the ruler and the rest of the court make sure that the two fierce spirits don't cause too much chaos during such disastrous times—quite frankly, the smaller spirits were enough of an issue on their own. Two quarrelling sisters were simply too much to bear. Once the High Temples were restored and repurposed, the main part of the plan sprung into action. Now the mortals went on the offensive. Hukai and Telebei were not without their tricks, however, and hid among the black swans and white turtles of the region. But with the support of the court, funds were prepared, and a nationwide hunt was declared to track down every swan and turtle across the land. Both the military and court mages were employed, dragging these animals to the nearest High Temple. The hunt was not without accidents; people got attacked not just by the animals—spirits seemed on alert and unusually aggressive. Whole groups of search parties went missing in some cases, but with the help of plenty of court mages, using their arcane knowledge and powers, they were able to complete the search after a few more painful months. Once the last one was caught, a signal was fired into the sky, lighting up the horizon, notifying the palace and the ruler about the capture of all animals. All being put in cages infused with black Dames tear, guarded by several experienced mages, while the few remaining court mages started to activate the High Temples. Another signal is fired, this time from the royal palace and no second is wasted as the ancient temples start to rumble and rise from their timeless slumber. One after another, the sky gets pierced by pillars of arcane blue and yellow arcane energies. All the captured swans and turtles went into a frenzy as the room where they are caged in was being flooded with the ancient magic. They bash and slam their bodies against the metal and crystal cages but they don't budge even magic could not help thanks to the Dames tear, but that did not stop them, they kept running and lunging, blooding and mutilating their bodies but the guards did not budge. The Temples continue to radiate and activate. All while the ruler was at peace, watching the horizon and sky shift away from the spiritual realm, and the pillars one after another turn a sanguine color, the color of a new dawn and a new age, unshackled by the spirits.
