Quickwitted, agile, and, if one must muster the hubris to say it, foolhardy, the impish charm of Rahen’s keeper can hardly be resisted. Credited with many of the innovations that have sprouted from and reached the region, it's nearly impossible to separate the truth of Dhenbasana from the innumerable, outrageous stories of his debauchery. At this point, a long nose is said to be a sign of his favor, taken to mean one has inherited their patriarch’s guile, from one of his many trunkinhand trysts with the lovely men and ladies of his domain. Though the truth or feasibility of this is debatable, brilliant advisors appear and vanish on a whim in the courts of Rahen, leaving trails of innovation and scandal in equal measure in their wake. While one can talk all they want of their wisdom and restraint. that sly grin will win out in the end.  The spectacle known as Dhenbasana doesn't cease with his actions. Emerging like a grand yet agile and athletic elephant, Dhenbasana is a charmer of prime allure. His arms and body adorned with the most exquisite jewellery, his trunk embellished with the finest tattoos, and his laughter, unadorned, stands as the world's most exquisite and irresistible. When Dhenbasana graces the court with his presence, a magnificent celebration and spectacle inevitably unfolds, sparing no expenses or efforts. Dhenbasana embodies intellect over strength, hedonism over piety, and even intrigues over sincerity and corruption over honour, because according to Dhenbasana, a sealed, candid, and uncomplicated life is simply tedious, boring and monotonous.  Dhenbasana's true desire from us is rather simple: a state that personifies hedonism. Away with the rigid and pious followers of High Philosophy, it's time for Rahen to bask in a golden era of pleasure. By gathering the greatest intellects, the most agile acrobats, the finest dwarf brewers, and the most soughtafter courtesans, we can transform our court into a hub of delight, debauchery and Dhenbasanic pleasure.
