Now, as the High Temples stood tall once more, the time had come to put their efforts to the test. The monarch waited patiently at one of these temples, positioned to lead the ritual that would summon the Great Spirit. Snowflakes drifted gently from the sky, a harbinger of the Spirit's imminent arrival. The monarch whispered beneath their breath, "They are coming." Several court mages stood nearby, ready to activate the High Temple when the time was right. The earth trembled, and the monarch counted in preparation. "One, two, three…" With a lifted hand, the monarch signaled the mages, and right on cue, Hengdu Bowu descended from the heavens, causing a tremendous storm to erupt where he landed. Simultaneously, a magical storm of yellow and blue energies surged from the activated High Temple, creating a spectacular clash of elemental forces. The Great Spirit leaped into the sky once more, with the monarch listening to the wind, instinctively pointing to the next High Temple to activate. The court mages, following their ruler's lead, launched another magical missile into the air. A pillar of energy appeared on the horizon, met by a burst of blue sparks as Hengdu Bowu descended nearby. The monarch counted again, "One, two, three…" The process repeated as the Great Spirit was led to another High Temple, this time the earth temple, causing a seismic event that sent people to the ground. The monarch could sense it—the wards of the High Temple had intercepted Hengdu Bowu. Without hesitation, the monarch pointed to the sky with both hands, and every mage released a missile into the air, creating a dazzling display of lights that illuminated the heavens. The rest of the High Temples activated one by one, while Hengdu Bowu was still recovering, but this time it won't be a simple net of arcane energies capturing the Great Spirit. The monarch had a better idea in mind for the frog spirit. The Arcane energies did not wrap around the Great Spirits, no, the monarch raises their hand once more, their gaze firm upon the horizon. And the court mages only nod before shooting a final magic missile into the air. A scarlet red blast bursts in the sky before the earth shakes and the arcane pillars of the towers intensify as in the distance the Great Spirit is getting surrounded by several sharp tendrils of arcane energies, all pointing at the entangled and struggling Great Spirit, who in this state could hear and see the rest blast in the sky before their visions turned fully red. The frog's eyes grow weary before drifting into a hopefully eternal slumber. And so a single bloodred snowflake landed in front of the monarch who gazed back with a pair of deep scarlet eyes. Peace and power finally returned to the land and its people.
