The first proper meeting of the Kavalakuttam, and its first proper vote, was held in some distress. There was an air of tension in the great chamber, as the candidates to be named official heir to the great commander and leader made their cases. This would not be a simple selection of leadership, though; the future of the faith was on the line. The first candidate was a Dumruktam, Kavalal of Vuls Tenvach, son of the great commander. Son of the King and Emperor, to those who still referred to him with those titles. Finely spoken, just and righteous. A warrior of Dawn, if there had ever been one, and a princely scion, too, who believed that the Dumruktams, as the commander’s champions, were entitled to serve as the great commander. Many in the chamber agreed with him, those who had been emancipated by the monarchs of Sthanan, or liberated by their gilded soldiers. And yet, though the Dumruktams were honored and had done a great service to Dawn, it was clear to many that one cannot rule innocently and that one cannot wear a crown without tyranny. Was the destiny of Orenvalyam truly to be captured entirely by this dynasty? This single bloodline, ruling over an empire? And so the second candidate, another Dumruktam scion, but one with no heirs, arose—a cadet in the Goldswords, popular amongst their ranks. If this candidate were elected, the Violet Cults and Goldswords of the old Dumrusvarn would be the steady hand on the back of the faith, and the Dumruktams would take up a place of guidance and leadership, but not rulership. Still not enough, perhaps. There were those who had not forgotten that the Dumruktams were not always so enlightened, so friendly to the Oren Nayiru and its antecedents—that they once held slaves and wielded kingly power, and had only given up the former to save their skin. Their candidate was not in the chamber that day. Instead, he was marching down from the mines of Uesrennu, wrought-armoured, firehearted, clad in a draconic relic of ancient and awesome power—the Armour of Yodhan. Elrandar Silverspite and his followers, see, were intent on ensuring that the Dumruktams were treated like any former warlord. Dawn would not be led astray by the Dumrusvarn’s failings, or the Kavalakuttam’s weakness.
