A shout ran through the lines as one Goldsword spotted activity through the tree line to the right of the road, one blur of movement, then another and another – then the left came alive too, and they were surrounded. The soldiers halted, drawing their blades and drawing closer to their partners as they themselves surrounded their own ruler. Since the dramatic fall of the Mudaliar Empire a thousand years ago, the brush and branches of these woods had been the stalking grounds of the deadliest bandit warriors in Taychend. But the city that had dominated this region for so long – Sibisimra – now burned in the distance. Only the bandits of Volisi Vara remained, and the ruler could see them gathering in the trees. They surrounded the ruler, but did not move to attack – they knew why the ruler was here, with only the ruler's personal guard around the ruler, while the rest of their army scorched the stones of their former liege’s home. The ruler was here to offer them a deal. The ruler’s voice cut through the stillness. “Elves of Volisi Vara, hear me. You see the smoke in the distance. Know the fate of those reavers and raiders. Of those guilty of the greatest crime, preventing the rise of Eletam, the greatest of kings.” The ruler could see the Goldswords around her steel themselves – this would be a difficult fight, but one they would win, through the strength of their love and the surety of their gilded steel. “All elves are offered a choice – to give to the world, or merely take from it. Like Sibisimra, you chose wrong. Unlike Sibisimra, I am offering you a second chance. Cease your ways, and choose glory through service to me. To the cause of a Taychend united by prosperity, by the deeds of those who would build a lasting legacy, not those who would tear down the legacy of others – choose true glory and be redeemed, or else be destroyed.” The forest returned to silence, before an elf emerged from the trees. He wore a green woollen cloak around his shoulder, and held a drawn blade in his hand. “Prosperity,” he said, “is the feast of bandits.” A silent tension took hold of the forest once more – until it was cleaved in two by the clang of metal, as the bandit threw down his sword at the feet of the Goldswords before him. “But we have enough bandit gods in that library of yours. A chance at something new? We’ll take it.”
