The ruler couldn't help but smile as they inspected the underground laboratories of the Vustarin. They were quite a sight. Great chambers hosted powerful forges, whose flames, bolstered by magic, were hot enough to reforge Precursor steel. Elsewhere, workshops fitted with drawing and drafting tables were laden with both precursor scrap and the notes of the brightest minds of the lower Kalavend. Today, though, they were empty - today it was just the ruler of the Dumrusvarn and, by their side, the Matriarch of the Vustarin Family, barely containing her seething rage. "Be proud of this place," the ruler said, as they finally reached the Matriarch's office. "What ingenuity." "Ingenuity, yes," the Matriarch said, through grit teeth. When the ruler sat down in her office chair, and began looking through the assorted papers on the Matriarch's desk, they could hear her teeth grind. "It isn't difficult, actually. To think, for once. Use the brain for more than hoarding knowledge. You know, that's actually what my family has been doing, over the past few centuries. Maybe you've been too busy archiving books and stories to notice?" The ruler looked up from the papers, raising an eyebrow and smirking. "Funny you say that, I'd think we've quite learnt a bit actually. In fact, I'd say those lessons helped us immensely in conquering your city." The Vustarin had grown arrogant in their exile - they were originally from Sthanan, members of the Violet Brotherhood - but they had chafed under the culture of the institution and left. "You say we do not learn," the ruler continued, "and that you are a family of action and we are mere hoarders. But you say that, I think, because you have forgotten what truly valuable knowledge is." The matriarch made to speak, but the ruler cut her off. "Military tactics, methods of working SlaverNoble steel. to you, these are the only worthwhile uses of the past. Fair enough, the Kalavend has hardened you. But we keep the truth. That there is much to learn from the sage's wisdom, the craftsman's discipline, the artist's creativity and the miner's endurance. That the warrior's path to ascension is not the only one." As the Matriarch fell silent, mulling over their words, the ruler sighed. "But I'm being dour. This is a family reunion, after all. So please, tell me of steel and of war. Your own past is valuable to me as well, Vustarin."
