The monarch of the dynasty entered a chamber smothered in darkness. It was only the warm glow of a small lit candle that illuminated the ruler’s husband’s face – one wracked with lines of thought, and a grim countenance that matched the dark more than the light. Ardpanatam Usvatti, commander of the Goldswords, spoke carefully. "I killed a good man today." "The watchman-priest," the monarch said, understanding. "The Oren Nayiru may have moral folk among their ranks…" The monarch shook their head softly. "But I do seem to remember this one calling for our overthrow." But Ardpanatam did not care – the Goldsword commander looked up at the monarch. "We have talked of the future of Taychend often, have we not? Of the turning of the Cycle – of this great, tranquil, prosperous future we seek to achieve. Glorious in its magnificence." The monarch smiled. "A Cycle of Harmony… all at peace, free to pursue their own glory in whatever way they see fit." Ardpanatam scoffed. "All at peace… all free to pursue their glory. Except the enslaved, and those who labour under capricious brutes." The Goldsword flashed a smirk of his own, suddenly determined. "Tell me… do you recall the Fateweaver’s words?" The monarch thought back. "Chains of gold are stronger than violet silk… but iron and steel are stronger than both." The ironsteel chains were the warlords, the monarch supposed. "So… what? You would bind us to the Oren Nayiru’s steel, their iron, instead? Once the warlords are sated with conquest, they will grow lazy in their contentedness, and we can master them, and subdue them. But we have held slaves, and used our kingly power – magnanimously, justly, but this rabble won’t care, nor will they rest until they’ve taken our heads. If we shackle ourselves to the Kavalali, then when we step or speak wrong, they will pull the links taut, and break our necks." "Shackle ourselves? Why?" The Goldsword stood tall. "Don’t you understand? The One Sun breaks the chains." He flashed the steel of his sabre from its scabbard. "And so can we. Free Taychend, and in an instant, we will become not this movement’s servants, but its vanguard. Not dread tyrants, but the destined heralds of the Cycle. Not Nayiru’s enemies… but the Sword of Dawn."
