From atop the steps of the Dumran Vustarvach, Sthanan ith Vussam seemed the greatest city in the world. It had certainly grown since the day of the old Dumrusvarn. The monarch could see immense monuments lining the broad avenues of the city’s centre, and beyond that miles of stacked houses, warehouses and factories, workshops and granaries and marketplaces and more. The immensity of the city seemed to swallow the ruler – today, the immensity of the empire it ruled heightened that effect. A million elves, perhaps more, had streamed into the city streets for the biggest event since Olhokar’s Festival of a Thousand Years. Today, the Gold and the Violet would be joined in a heavenly union once more – the greatest wedding in Taychendi history. It was a page shamelessly stolen from Banderuttai’s book, of course – the rulers of that city had been marrying members of their bodyguard for a millennium. But that fact didn’t need to be advertised – and besides, it was all in the spirit of the Library. The past was there for the future’s sake. Gold and Violet would once more be reunited in matrimony, just as Eletam and Elajith had been united in love. Love… whether there was love in this match was for the gods to know. The people of course, had their own opinion on the matter. When the monarch turned to their new husband, gave him a chaste kiss on the lips, took his hand and raised it to the sky, a cry like none they had heard before rose through the city. Out of the corner of their eye, the monarch could see her new consort’s partner – clad too in golden armour – weep silent tears as he looked on with a mix of rage and despair. He had certainly not been happy when the monarch had suggested this. But he had acquiesced, from duty or loyalty. As did many in the crowds beneath the newlyweds. The Mudaliars of Nanru Nakar, the Sangamars of the Iron Hills – powerful warlords and many more wished for autonomy or independence even now. They yearned for glory, and many among them believed that they could only gain that from war, battle, destruction. The Violet Brotherhood would teach them otherwise, one day. And if they refused to learn? The sword of everglistening gold was ready, waiting. The monarch couldn’t help but recall the last words of Eletam the Gold, spoken as he laid dying in the ruins of Sibisimra. A request, and a hope. “Would you write my entry, Elajith, my love? Our city may find me useful, and I know you to be honest.”
