As Seluslavi translated her owner’s words from one language to another, Galinpan Kattyva threw his arms up in exasperation. “I’m not letting you have their city. I’m giving you half the population as slaves, their wealth, their livestock, even the warlord’s wife and children. What more could you want?” Seluslavi stole a glance at the aforementioned warlord on the other end of the table, staring straight ahead, despondent, while his overlord – the one supposed to be mediating – sold him out. This was a Periyodhai – a semiritualised battle, with predetermined stakes, fought between two relatively equal vassals of a greater warlord. Everyone knew that Hurahara the Humungous would win, though, so they were really negotiating his “prize”. She’d been the receiving end of one of these negotiations – the village star, a scholar destined for the Dumran Vustarvach. Now she was a slave, and she translated, and read her illiterate master stories, and provided him “comfort” when he demanded. And she longed for death, and never had the guts to seek it, and so Seluslavi translated. Hurahara fumed, tried to control his rage for a second, then burst. “I WANT HIS CITY.” he boomed, as he slammed a fist down on the table so hard it nearly upended it. “I WANT HIS PEOPLE. I WANT THEM ALL.” The Kattyva didn’t need a translation to sigh in exasperation. It was easy to see what the Royakottari warlord desired. He had overextended himself in one domain looking for relics, and he wanted multiple reliable warlords to hold his lands there, not one ignorant brute called Hurahara the Humungous, whose neglect would ruin scavenging operations there for a generation. But Hurahara was crazy, crazy, crazy, and he just didn’t care. The Kattyva finally gave in – and soon Seluslavi was translating that too. Hurahara seemed satisfied – Galinpan Kattyva silently counted up the costs of a military expedition. If the Kattyva won, she’d be sold off, taken by some saner lieutenant, maybe. Or she’d be killed when they took Hurahara’s home city. She’d like that. Tomorrow, she knew, the people in that warlord’s town would be wishing the exact same thing.
