The ruler of Taychend followed the artificers as they showed their inventions outside Palaya Orenkoraim, the Gathyanavaida looming large in the background. A short fellow in a funny hat, Sando Boltbrass, led the ruler around, as his assistants gave demonstrations of each invention. “Here are wave transmitters, connects like lightning, oh, and speaking of lightning, sparkdrives. Any enemies? Bad cloud? Pull the trigger and... poof. Dead. And here, hmm, the Maagikraftfayermaszeene thaumaturgical arcanoblaster cannon, yes? Supercharged a little, modified by me—it is... ah, not yet perfect, yes? Will backfire, mmm... forty-nine point five percent of the time? Needs a bit more gold to fix, if you understand.” The ruler understood perfectly. The other weapons and inventions interested the ruler greatly, but they were single-target weapons. The ruler wanted devastation, and this arcane blaster thing looked like it could give him it. The ruler pointed to the statue in the distance and the palace where its head once stood. “Ebenanth, the First Emperor, decapitated that statue with a bolt from the Astral Sky. Precise annihilation—give me that, and I’ll give you more gold than you can imagine.” Sando scratched his beard as he contemplated. “That... is difficult, yes... very difficult.” He called on his assistants, and they set to work modifying the cannon, tinkering with the casing and the Dame's tear within, aligning it perfectly. Then, the gnome hooked up a string to a lever at the cannon’s back and ordered those present to stand no less than six point one metres away. After a short countdown, Boltbrass pulled on the string and shouted “Dangerho.” The back of the blaster exploded. Half the artificers ducked for cover, but the ruler was too transfixed on the magical bolt careening through the sky to care. It impacted the palace atop the Gathyanavaida and blew half of it into the sky. The ruler’s breath caught—the power of Ebenanth replicated before the ruler’s eyes. If this was the power of but a few Cannorian artificers, what could the Taychendi do with this technology? What new powers could lie beyond Taychend’s borders?
