The battle between Theodore and Mihaela lasted seven hours. Each took and dealt enough punishment to kill a dragon, as the battle between them destroyed swathes of Nanru Nakar. But Mihaela knew the terrain. Knew the rivers, knew the bridges, knew which properties she owned and which she did not. It was only a matter of time—then a failed ambush, a rapier’s near miss, a perfect counter, and a desperate struggle, and Mihaela held a stake over Theodore’s heart. The Vampire Empress cackled as she pinned Theodore to the ground, her hair dishevelled, eyes psychotic in victory. “There. I got you. I beat you. I won.” Theodore gritted his teeth. “Tch—always the same with you, isn’t it? Nothing but gloating, arrogance. What a sick joke.” “A joke?” Mihaela lashed out, striking Theodore across the face. “You don’t know anything. None of you do. None of you know what it's like. Everyone failed me—everyone.” “You failed yourself. Time and time again—and now what? Millions have to die because of that? This is Gerbuta all over again. The farmhouse.” Charred corpses flashed before her eyes. “That—that wasn’t my fault. They should’ve—I didn’t—I—.” Mihaela struck him again, and again, and again. The world shook with every strike—but Theodore didn’t scurry away this time. “Our kind… we’re a mistake already, Mihaela… don’t add to it. Please…” Mihaela raised the stake high. Theodore raised his hands reflexively—but she never delivered the coup de grace. “Is that what you really think?” “You know it is…” She did. Mihaela grimaced as she saw old memories. Burnt castles, burnt bodies, and burnt bridges. “It's too late for that…” Mihaela admitted. “Far too late. You think we’re mistakes…? Fine. But I won’t be a failure.” The Errant Princess threw the stake away and stood, turned to walk away—Theodore got up after her. “What do you want me to tell the Court?” Theodore asked, as he raised a hand to his battered face. “They may come after you again…” “Tell them I’ll leave them alone… and I won’t reveal their secrets. And…” Mihaela turned to Theodore again, and smiled. “Tell them that when I conquer the world, I’ll give them all the order they want.”
