Aboard the flagship of a fleet in the western Divenhal, the great warlords of Taychend stood aboard a warded deck, the monarch of Taychend at their head, watching. They had prepared for a feast – a celebration. The monarch saw the explosion in the distance, as it consumed the lives of millions. The ash fell – the ward above shimmered – and those below stood and cheered. They cheered for their Empire, they cheered for their Emperor, they cheered for the turning of the Cycle. The monarch turned back to their warlords, their lieutenants, their family. “Nearly two millennia ago, a similar explosion once ended our world as we knew it. The ordered rule of the SlaverNobles gave way to the chaos of the post apocalypse – and the rule of the warlords, and the rule of glory.” The ruler surveyed the crowd before them – saw those descended from the greatest heroes of this past cycle. “But all cycles are destined to end – and their rulers are destined to be overthrown.” The monarch drew his sabre, held it aloft. “With this sword, this Empire succeeded where every warlord empire before it had failed. We brought you, warlords of Taychend, to heel, and then we led you all to untold riches, unrivalled glory. Our armies scoured Aelantier, the Lizardfolk, Insyaa. We proved time and time again that we were the equal of the SlaverNobles and the Empire of Aesadas.” The ruler pointed his sword at the explosion behind him. “And with this final act, we have proven that we have surpassed them.” “Some of you will return to Aelantier, continue raising the magnificence of our cities, our works. Some of you will sail on, to conquer the wastes left in our wake. But as you build, and grow, and march, and spill the blood of the world, know that the Empire you are building will not fall like those of this cycle. Know that this Empire will soar for millennia. That we shall rise above Ducaniel and Arethon, above Ebenanth and Yodhan, Ultarlan and Olhokar, Erankar and Laskaris. On the first year of this new calendar, Taychend shall rise above, alone, the unconquerable masters of this new Cycle…”
