When Moguwon Wolfborn died, everyone who was anyone attended the funeral. his friends, subordinates, his family. As Grand Marshal, you were assigned a seat in the front row. The eulogies were few; only those closest to the deceased permitted a platform. First was an old hobgoblin, stooped and hunched. With a practiced drawl, he recited a series of legendary stories. Moguwon's honesty as a child, his discipline towards war, his openmindedness in matters of faith. You wearied halfway through—you had heard every one before, and every few years there was another. Moguwon, the old man concluded, was an exemplar of every hobgoblin virtue, a steady hand at the tiller, an eternal fountain of justice. The old man would know, he was Moguwon's personal friend. How odd. To your knowledge, Moguwon Wolfborn had no friends. Next was Kuen, the Lionborn Marshal. He was young when Moguwon was old, a prodigy who had heard the stories of the old man growing up. His eulogy told of Moguwon's role in uniting the clans, maintaining loyalties that would otherwise have fractured. Moguwon the king, Moguwon the righteous. He spoke as though he knew Moguwon, although he never did. You thought to yourself that it would have been much more convenient for Kuen's tale if Moguwon were the first Grand Marshal, rather than the second. Then a speaker from Moguwon's family. his daughter Naburo, who stayed at home as her father went on campaign. She understood the absence, of course. His role was that of warrior, general, soldier. You could tell how hard she had trained to earn her father's respect and, you thought blithely, his attention. Her arms were thick like tree branches, a weapon sheath on her hip. A highly unusual woman—you made note of her abilities. But even she, Moguwon's own daughter, seemed to have only seen her father from afar, as though by silhouette. And finally you. You took the stage, after everyone else. You began to speak. "Moguwon Wolfborn is dead. He was many things to many people, and now he is nothing to no one. It is the right of the living to decide the legacy of the dead."
