The KenuIke met under a moonless night, the Grand Marshal's tent having been burnt to tatters. The three marshals approached each other, wind whistling through the leaves of the massive tree under which they stood. Their weapons formed a perimeter around the gathering, armor doffed as tradition dictated. Tradition was all they had left now. Kuen, the Lionborn marshal, was a talented and shrewd administrator as well as a brilliant warrior, having earned his position at the tender age of seventeen. He spoke first. “The Ninyu Kikun is shattered. The camps are sieged. The Grand Marshal is slain. We have been forced to surrender.” Silence. Then Kuen spoke again, louder now. “Must it be war between the Commands? Can Moguwon’s dream not be saved? Are we simply to—” Bei Wolfborn’s voice sliced through the night air. The marshal had secured his position through personal alliances, an enlightened autocrat if ever there was one. “Moguwon is dead. You remember the unity of which he spoke, the heady rush of possibility. You do not remember what it was like before. the Great Command would always have required a leader as strong as him. Without one, we descend into pointless bickering. As we are.” Kuen looked to speak again, but before he could, Zau Boarbon made his move. The Boarborn marshal was a close companion of treachery, and now was no different. Taking one step forward, he reached into his robes and unsheathed a jagged black dagger. “Moguwon.” His face twisted into an expression of utter contempt. “Moguwon was a fool, and he died like a fool. As will the two of you.” He lunged towards Kuen, who moved quickly to dislodge his spear from the ground and parry the assault. Bei looked on somberly, and retrieved his own sword from the dirt. The three marshals withdrew, circling each other with weapons outstretched. The KenuIke was the SwordHome, a field of weapons with blades pointed out—a warning to the rest of the world, the beating heart of the Great Campaign. For the first time in decades, the blades were turned inwards, piercing the heart of the Command. The KenuIke was dead.
