"For the past twentysix years, we as writers and scholars have attempted to catalog every variety of spirit in Eastern Haless. This tome is a monument to our successes: and to our failures. We were treated to milleniaold stories in the ports of Feiten, were given access to Verkal Ozovarian chronicles made by dead dwarven kings, and were exiled from Arawkelin for insufficient deference to local customs. We have seen spirits which only manifest once per century; spirits which force you to forget them; and spirits so protean that they are impossible to describe. But we have also found spirits that can be understood, spoken to, and learned from.  In this book, you will learn about Ashfellows, delightful creatures which manifest in regularlyused firepits. They are beloved, for they tend to flames: but they also are dangerous, for, if their soot becomes too dense, the Ashfellows might explode. Therefore, you will learn the correct timetables of firepitcleaning, to ensure a healthy environment for Ashfellows while minimizing the chances of combustion.  You will also learn of the Torn (sometimes called Bloody Torn), spirits which are found in battlefields gone quiet (or else in sites of grisly murder). While they scream and bleed wherever they go, this grief has been proven to heal the land and restore its balance. They may be hostile if touched, so do not walk close; but appreciate their work, even if they render quiet sleep a distant fantasy.  You will also learn of Pickpockets, housespirits which take small items and only rarely give them back. You will learn our tested method of appeasing them: placing a small, shiny pebble in a bronze bowl, and asking the Pickpocket to please make a trade. With a 62.6% success rate over 500 trials, the Pickpocket will likely return your item in return for the pebble.  You will also learn of Mourning Loves, who appear for the dead which no one grieves. They."; Excerpt from "Compendium of Spirits," First Edition, compiled by 1,147 authors.
