Soaked in rice wine, the Dame's tear known to the Harafic as Kseldosblood burns in braziers throughout the lecture hall. Its alcoholic sulfur scent clings to the air, overwhelming the rosemary which covers the walls. Accompanying these smells is the resonant hum of an automated organ, simulating a synchronous tune first discovered two hundred and forty-eight years ago. Ten ruinborn sit in the room, their eyes closed, mimicking this hum. They sit on tiles patterned with geometric waves which tell the stories of gods and origins. If the tiles had been painted fifty years ago, they would have only portrayed Kseldos, the water god, bleeding so that mortals could create beautiful inventions from his blood; but now it also shows the Dame in the sky, crying comets of brilliant blue which gift the earth her power. The Harafic know that the Thoughtful do not worship the Dame, but this does not matter to them. Two gods, one of water and one of sky, brought the same substance to the world, thousands of miles apart. Cultures like the Thoughtful and Harafic sprung up around these deposits, and they both understood something fundamental long before they knew of each other. that Kseldosblood, the Dame's tear, is the root of all creation. When they finally met, they embraced like longlost friends. Their collaborations started immediately. The Harafic Kooras were delighted by artificery, and, in turn, told the Thoughtful of the Riftwatchers. the rare ruinborn who could see not just through space, but also through the past, the future, and the Elemental Planes. The Riftwatchers' powers were inconsistent, but they knew of some conditions that sometimes increased their ability to see other worlds. The Thoughtful began to study and maximize these conditions. This hall is now host to religious experiment. A thousand studies and rituals use different herbs, sounds, and feelings; but they all lead towards the same goal. The Thoughtful, inch by inch, are turning Riftwatching into a science.
