The life of a Skald Chronicler is an uncommon one. long periods of solitude with the wind as your only companion, followed by a hearty welcome at one of the sparse towns dotting the Gerudian hinterlands. Tharmur Jormanson could see the traces of one such settlement now, a soft glow barely visible through the everstorming snow. But as much as he would have loved to press forward towards ale and civilization, Tharmur had a duty. It took him a while to trudge to the autonomous Skald Organ, audible as a defective croak long before it was visible. These towering organs, built to ease the ceaseless burden of the Skaldpriests of old, sounded to prevent the reawakening of the dragon Elkaesal the White. Harboring memories of Dragons as bitter as those of the Gerudians, the Thoughtful soon aided the north in constructing these instruments of unparalleled make and design. The massive wind organs ensured the songs of the Skalds would echo across the mountains of Gerudia incessantly, beacons of reassurance to any wayfarers passing by. This particular organ’s intake had frozen over. nothing a few well-placed wrench blows couldn’t fix. After he tuned a few bolts while humming the old skald chants, the eerie earsplitting harmonies returned, weaving once more across the landscape. Finally, Tharmur could finish his journey. Soon, the townspeople would be celebrating his arrival, enraptured by tales he brought from the furthest corners of Thoughtful lands. He would tell them of the newest Mechanist developments and edicts from the ruler; but also the Beralic Saga, the Winter Lullaby, the Voyage of the Northern Raider… Old stories kept safe in the libraries of Skaldol. Some old religious traditions of the Skalds may have faded into obscurity, but, here, the Chroniclers had taken upon themselves the mantle of an even more important role. History, Tharmur knew, was not just some row of musty tomes in a Nimscodd university. It was living and breathing, and it was in the otherwise barren north where the Skald Chroniclers sang it to life.
