Captain Dresden Dyer, wayward and alone. I have been walking across this crater for what feels like days. There are strange buildings phasing in and out as we walk. Bars, theaters, places of revelry. Before I can enter, they vanish in screams of anguish and loss. The loss of old Asocrac. Vuzaris entered one such bar before it vanished. He screamed too. Of Dim Asocrac. You, Vernman, should unmask. Once again the pen asks me to unmask. I know the answer, the very next line, but I dare not write it. Not when I am this close to the goal… I would spoil the sacrifices. We are but two now, out of our expedition of five. I can see the Pearl in the distance, upon a pedestal in the middle. It all glows eerily with a pale yellow light, but that's why we can see it. That we know where to go. You, Vernman, should unmask. I have reached the pedestal. I don't know where my last companion went. The pearl is right in front of me, it’s pulsing, a dark cloud is floating inside of it, but I know it can see me. Even as I write now, it preys on me so that I may give in. You, Vernman, should unmask. Unmask. Unmask? Vernman, the crowd is waiting, don't let them wait any longer. It gets so dull. One more time Vernman, with conviction. You, Vernman, should unmask. Indeed? Indeed it's time. We have all laid aside disguise but you. I wear no mask. No mask? No mask. The above is the last of my testaments below the sea. I don’t know what happened next – everything went black for a moment, then the spiceling stood beside me the Pearl. A pained expression lit up his face; an inky void filled the looking glass for but a moment, vanishing. It went so fast. His eyes looked different, malignant. He guided me back from, pointing out small piles of buried gems with the ease of one who had buried them there himself. I believe I have regained control of my hand, my pen. Looking back, I'm not even sure I was ever possessed. It could just as well have been the isolation that got to me, my own subconscious fears. We split the loot amongst the remaining crew and the spiceling, and once ashore he left, thanking us for bringing him back.
