An apprentice came in with a bowl of cashew nuts. Jalinwathi began to pick at them. “Looks like they bribed the counting managers, but not their clients. Quite a way to make an entrance, I must say.” Once the Vernmen were past the banks and into the Vaults themselves, their protection quickly ran out. The scalysquirrel had not helped them. They were fighting hall by hall, now, slowly cutting their way through the Vaults, and taking casualties all the while. “Guards are putting up a fight, though. Colour me impressed.” Ramujith had set down his tome – he had a plan of the vaults in his hands, now. “It is odd that they aren’t going for the gold, though, don’t you think? I always thought the Cannorians were all about money. Riches, you know – wealth beyond imagining. But eh, their relics fascination. They are almost as obsessed with the things as we are. Thank the gods we moved the important ones out. Well, most of them.” Jalinwathi chuckled. “Yes. most of them. As in, all the ones we don’t have to pretend are important.” Silence, for a moment. Ramujith spoke, turned to his counterpart, brow upturned slightly. “You don’t think they’re going for the dragon, do you?” Another pause. Jalinwathi shook his head, smirked a little. “Wouldn’t that be a load off my mind.” The adventurers had finally gotten to the entrance to the Blue House’s section of the Uyas Marai. Their mages could probably break the wards, sure – the mages and fighterguards in front of them would be a slightly tougher roadblock. The Vernmen noticed them – stopped a little bit before them, discussed their options in hushed whispers. Jalinwathi raised an eyebrow. “I wonder how much of a show the apprentices will put up. These are new recruits, right? Disposable? Would love to see how much of a fight they put up. If there was ever a time for a secret prodigy’s skills to show.” Ramujith laughed. “Hah. Watch, I bet one will try something – insurmountable odds, let me use my secret special unique spell only I know. Remember the last one who did that? I swear you saw it in the duelling halls?” They were both grinning, now. “Come on now, apprentices. Show them the rage of Umathaladududorus. Oh – the adventurers are moving – looks like they’re.”
