Captain Dresden Dyer, wayward and alone. I have been walking across this crater for what feels like days. There are strange buildings phasing in and out as we walk. Bars, theaters, places of revelry. Before I can enter, they vanish in screams of anguish and loss. Loss of old Asocrac. Vuzaris entered one such bar before it vanished. He screamed too. Of Dim Asocrac. You, Vernman, should unmask. Once again the pen asks me to unmask. I know the answer, the very next line, but I dare not write it. Not when I am this close to the goal… I would spoil the sacrifices. We are but two now, out of our expedition of five. I can see the Pearl in the distance, upon a pedestal in the middle. It all glows eerily with a pale yellow light, but that's why we can see it. That we know where to go. You, Vernman, should unmask. I have reached the pedestal. I don't know where my last companion went. The pearl is right in front of me, it’s pulsing, a dark cloud is floating inside of it, but I know it can see me. Even as I write now, it preys on me so that I may give in. You, Vernman, should unmask. Unmask. Unmask? Vernman, the crowd is waiting, don't let them wait any longer. It gets so dull. One more time Vernman, with conviction. You, Vernman, should unmask. Indeed? Indeed it's time. We have all laid aside disguise but you. I wear no mask. No mask? No mask. This was the last legible part of Captain Dyer’s log, which was found clutched in the hands of First Deckhand Hildrsdöttir, the lone survivor of the Golden Hope. Her account lines up with the captain's log. he descended into madness, killing off members of the crew one by one. Hildrsdöttir wrestled a Black Pearl from Dyer before flying out of the crater and suffering from severe decompression syndrome. Corin knows what happened to Dresden Dyer, but should he still live, bring him in for questioning. We’ve sent the rest of the journal alongside, though it’s mostly gibberish; looks like he wrote over and over his own words. A shame, really. He had such a promising career. Bastíon the Quick, Field Report to the Colonial Office.
