An apprentice came in with a bowl of cashew nuts. Jalinwathi began to pick at them, and the two archmages watched as the banker led his clients through his paid-for section of the vaults and the mountains of gold he stored within. Forfeit after this venture, of course. As it turns out, letting the Vernmen take a stab at this heist of theirs had its advantages. But still, it was a disappointment seeing them get through so easily. The banker’s guards just nodded at their employer as a group of absurdly heavily armed, foreign adventurers sauntered past. Ramujith had set down his tome; he had a plan of the vaults in his hands now. “It is odd that they aren’t going for the gold, though, don’t you think? I always thought the Cannorians were all about money. Riches, you know—wealth beyond imagining. But eh, their relics fascination. They are almost as obsessed with the things as we are. Thank the gods we moved the important ones out. Well, most of them.” Jalinwathi chuckled. “Yes, most of them. As in, all the ones we don’t have to pretend are important.” Silence, for a moment. Ramujith spoke, turned to his counterpart, brow upturned slightly. “You don’t think they’re going for the dragon, do you?” Another pause. Jalinwathi shook his head, smirked a little. “Wouldn’t that be a load off my mind.” Finally, the Vernmen reached the bottom of their coconspirator’s vaults—right up against the wards that marked the entrance to the Blue House’s section of Uyas Enret. They hadn’t been able to reinforce them, but still, there were some guards, one of them an apprentice on watch duty. “Is that a new recruit? Would love to see how much of a fight he puts up. If there was ever a time for a secret prodigy’s skills to show.” Ramujith laughed. “Hah. Watch, I bet he will try something—insurmountable odds, let me use my secret special unique spell only I know. Remember the last one who tried that? I swear you saw it in the duelling halls?” They were both grinning, now. “Come on now, apprentice. Show them the rage of Umathladududorus. Oh—the adventurers are moving—looks like they’re.”
