Fifth Tearfall Captain Dresden Dyer of The Golden Hope, under contract of the Kingdom of Verne. It took a while getting used to walking a seabed. The silt clung to their legs, darkness embraced them all around. Spells and flares all but stayed the encroaching darkness, while curious creatures of the depths poked their heads through the strange lights penetrating their sanctum. Even the Merfolk seemed to be hesitant to profane the sanctity of the darkness below; they lost any sign of their presence. I don’t think I’ve ever felt so anxious as the moment I breached the twilight into midnight, nothing but a waxed cloth tube reinforced with mithril supplying me with air, vanishing into a point unseen above me. Communication down there was also nigh impossible, limited to handsigns and the occasional flash of mindspeech from our wizard. Even standing shoulder to shoulder, I felt isolated. Just the void. The void, and that creeping feeling of being watched by something. The Deep. The Pearl. The gaping maw of the void staring right into me. After what felt like days, we found something. I have heard stories of grand battles. Trench lines around castles protecting against the hail of arrow and fireball alike. I have seen battlefields, picked the coin from friend and foe alike, sprawled in clusters side by side, thousands dead. Nothing, next to this. It started with a crunch, like a dry twig snapping underfoot. But with each step it continued, the detritus covering thousands of small brittle bones. What I had taken for coral was bone, trailing algae in vinelike hangings. A reef resembled a skull, now hollowed out for whatever life sustained itself. And as we walked further, rusty spears with flayed banners lurched from the darkness, bearing heraldry none of us had seen before. At one point I almost fell into a chasm, its flanks lined with jagged teeth pointed toward each other. My weight dislodged one, and I watched it slowly drift down through the long dead things intestines. Filipé was not so lucky. As we got further in, a large rift appeared in front of us, its sides continually widening, till even a giant of myth would feel tiny. We all knew at once, somehow. Trench lines, marked at the edge in fluorescent, barbed seaweed. A small slit ran from each line to the next. Filipé approached a little too hastily, and a malign current took hold of him, dragging him. He turned to us, grasping at bony protrusions in the silt, each snapping soundlessly in his grip. Even as blood began to stain the water where he had gripped the seaweed, nothing could be heard – only bubbles escaping to the surface. Then the flakes of glinting mithril joined the detritus, and void where once there was an umbilical to our ships above.
