The roar of the pyre, the beating of the drums, the screams of the sacrifices, cackling laughter. A sinister symphony rings out across the vast camp, gnolls gathered in their tens of thousands to witness the birth of the next creature. For days now they have cavorted, slaughtered and feasted amongst the many concentric circles of hellish green pyres that make up the ritual site. Lesser demons have crawled forth from these smaller pyres to join the carnage, summoned by the vile celebrations of the horde. In the centre of this orchestra of sin lies the grand pyre unto which the ruler has spent the last week casting thousands of sacrifices to their fiery doom. Their redrimmed eyes flicker with madness as a dry cackle escapes their bloodstained maw. In a frenzy they turn upon one of the assembled shamans who have been aiding them, ripping out their throat with fang and claw. In a flash of blinding speed the ruler has slain five more of their number. Those that survive begin to flee but the ruler snaps out a command in an unearthly tongue, compelling the shamans to turn and attend to them. The six bodies of the slain shamans are thrown into the flames before the ruler beckons over the ensorcelled survivors. Wordlessly they begin to bind the supplicant in blackened ironwood chains. The ruler grins manically as they are trussed up and thrown into the pyre themselves. Silence descends briefly over the camp. All of the area seems to hold its breath for a moment in time. The earth shudders. A deafening explosion rocks the area. Blinding green light flares as the central pyre explodes outwards, engulfing those gathered around it. Luminous, blazing green eyes appear within the oily blackness of the smoke. A rumbling cackle echoes for miles around. The ruler emerges from the darkness, their body monstrously swollen and warped by the demonic power of the Xhazob that now dwells within them, hellfire trailing in their wake. The horde erupts into screams of exultation; for many miles around crops begin to wither and cattle keel over, spewing burning black bile. A creature stalks the mortal world once more.
