Council approaching an unacceptable outcome. Purge opposition. Aztalak gazed dumbfounded at the slip of paper. His chieftain had palmed the instructions into his hands after the day’s negotiations without batting an eye. Aztalak grappled with the ramifications of the order. Six words. Six words that would start a civil war. Aztalak felt betrayed. After so many sleepless nights and so much talk of unity, six words would tear apart the Ashhana. How many millions of words had been exchanged already to avoid more bloodshed? How many dozens of conversations had each humble soul exchanged with their peers and loved ones in the barest hope of a breakthrough? How many lofty speeches had conniving chieftains delivered to weld together some semblance of hope for parlay? Countless words had spilled forth from the mouths of starcrossed lovers and brokenhearted friends. Words beyond number had been spent in the effort to remember the bonds holding society together. When Raka Drakt, Nagakatesh, and Ashak Tishin birthed infinity, implicit in their cooperation was the wish for the wholeness of existence. Here six words would rebel against all divinity. For all their talk of restraint and control, for all the lines in their poetry and plays, for all the enormous breadth of vocabulary within a nation, all it would take to spill the blood of children in the streets and starve to death one’s countryfolk were six words. Aztalak visibly floundered in an unheard scream, silent because language did not exist in all creation to convey the heavenripping injustice of the six words delivered to him. Perhaps the most venomously insidious aspect of this call to massacre was its inevitability. If Aztalak brought this order to the council chambers, surely all he would change is the side firing the first shot. And if he chose to keep these words secret, his hide would be a rug come morn as some other warrior eagerly helmed a purge for a feather in their cap. Oh yes, Aztalak’s hands would tear asunder an entire people, one way or another, at the behest of six unstoppable words.
