At first, their presence went by unnoticed; members of the Canvas faction had always occupied positions of privilege compared to their Claw counterparts, so their stranglehold on the entrenched institutions of our nation was no surprise. However, as time pressed on, rogue Canvas officials enacted harsher and harsher restrictions limiting Claw selfexpression on a regional level. Initially, Claw advocates who were caught participating in violent crime started to receive far harsher sentencing than their non-Claw peers. Then duels were outlawed, lethal and otherwise. Then any form of art dubbed as "selfmutilation" became a criminal act, beginning with ritual bloodletting, but eventually progressing to scalenotching, tattoos, and even piercings. By this point, countless individuals were bestowed with the "Claw" label, even if they had no direct ties to the movement, for acts committed long before Claw and Canvas were even concepts. Great swathes were apprehended, Claw and neutral parties alike. Innumerable "felons" were publicly beheaded for "corrupting morals" and "glorifying the Bloodcurse." Those who sought to protest these changes were deemed sympathizers and summarily executed too. When finally the Canvas shadow government announced their presence, the news was mostly formality. The coup officially began with Canvas majority provinces barring individuals with scars from high ranking positions within our government, as scarring was associated with Claw practices. While ostensibly an anti-Claw violence measure, in truth the deed simply offered pretense for Canvas officials to replace anyone in the government with loyalists. Immediately, the act ousted countless generals, craftsmasters, and most Ashhana of humble background; who hadn’t received a scar in battle, or cut themselves while training as an apprentice, or scrapped for food as an impoverished child? Upon our condemnation of these deeds, the Claw network declared the legitimate government to be condoning violence and the propagation of the Bloodcurse, accused the critique as an attack on peace, and announced their cessation in order to "organize self-defense against violent oppressors."
