The Claw advance is not announced with fanfare. Its arrival is heralded with the silencing of laughter, the flaying of sculptors, and the ash of books. The ragged wake of its path lies fringed with the broken bodies of jesters, halfcannibalized chefs, and the smell of carrion on the wind. If the greatest performers of our people offered the finest operas of our playwrights, the Claw would complain about the noise before slitting the singer’s throat. If sat before the finest masterworks of our painters, the Claw would tear the canvas for bog roll. If presented with the liquid vitae of creation in a bowl, the Claw would quaff the lot of it, if only for the chance to piss on the ruined corpse of all that was beautiful in the universe. This is their only culture. If they merely cared about beating away the call of the Bloodcurse, they would not take pains to raze the homes of every sculptor, singer, and storyteller in our lands. They cannot recognize harm, except to themselves, and if that is untrue it is merely because the Claw take perverse satisfaction in cruelty. They burn and destroy all the little joys which make life worth living because the only spectacle that can capture their hollow attention is misery. They cannot love. They cannot reflect. They cannot comprehend aiding another. They are barely sentient. Worse, their unending spite infects the land. When faced with lethal force, what options does a rational individual have other than to take up arms and respond in kind? Our people are not lambs waiting for slaughter. Across the countryside, in order to install some form of order, warlords rise to oppose the Claw, and clash for territory, slowly whittling each other down until only the most ruthless heads of the movement remain. And what does war do, except drain a person’s humanity? How many dead children and red rivers can one witness before they lose all ability to find joy in the world? How many defiled corpses does it take to smother the last embers of mercy towards one’s enemy? How many campaigns does it take for even the most unblemished paragons to begin behaving as the Claw? Piece by piece, their empty souls create the blood meritocracy of Shyarayan.
