Nazinay, I am trying to understand you. I really am. I’m trying to connect with my boy. I… I could turn my gaze away from the animals. What’s a bird here and there? You’re my son all the same. But… this? Carving into yourself? It scares me. You know that. I would never want to see you hurt. And now, a neighbor down the road has been saying some awful things, Nazinay. Things I can’t really believe, but I still can’t ignore. You haven’t– you wouldn’t… you’ve never done this to someone else, have you? Nazinay could barely meet his father’s gaze. The old lizard looked sick with concern, and his voice was cracking. "Father, I’m sorry to worry you, and I shouldn’t have kept secrets from you. But you should know everyone involved was consenting–" "That’s not the issue, Nazinay. It’s the harm. It’s madness–" "It’s the opposite, Father, it’s clarity." "Is it? What’s the difference between your cure and the curse? It looks as though you still wake in pools of blood, all the same as if you’d succumbed to the illness." "But we’re in control. We can choose when the violence happens." "And the addict can choose when they smoke." "And the addict smokes because they can’t afford medicine." "They could afford to sing. What does your voice cost you? You could afford to dance. Your feet still touch the ground, don’t they? You could afford to tell stories. Don’t you recall how the village children would laugh at your wonderful tales? I am not rich, but I find means of self-expression even without a full purse." "It’s not merely the deed that fulfills the urge, Father, and you know it. Finding peace in a song requires instruction, talent, and years of practice–" "Oh, so the problem is merit, then? Tell me, Nazinay, what is the merit in your rituals? You’re right: excellence takes years of practice, but the years will pass one way or another no matter how you choose to spend them. You seem to practice mutilation enthusiastically enough." "You’re not wrong, Father, and I do so because our people are sick today."
