The victory celebrations have only barely come to an end and the mood amongst the faithful is triumphant, but already the first signs have arrived that the outside world has taken note of our stunning victory over the servants of Darkness. Only yesterday an emissary from Dasmatuš, a small island state to the south of our newly claimed Gulf coastlands, has arrived at Ebbušubtu, sweating profusely in his ornate ceremonial garb and requesting an audience with the monarch, the Herald of Surael. Prostrating himself before the monarch, the emissary begins to extol the virtues of Jaddar’s grandfather Jaher, who once already saved their people from the gnollish servants of Malevolent Dark. In return Maqeti sailors proved instrumental in supplying Jaher’s Legions, even to the far end of Haless. Back then, however, their insistent pleas to divert at least some of the Phoenix Empire’s might south to decisively end the Gnollish threat in Sarhal fell on deaf ears, and with the death of Jaher all such plans had to be abandoned. Now the Gnolls are back, stronger and more vile than ever, and all the good works of Jaher and the Maqeti in containing their evil have been undone. There is, the emissary finishes, a debt of honor to be paid by the house of Jaher. It is time to renew the pact made by Jaddar’s grandfather once more, and with the unrest caused by the fall of Zokka, now is the time to strike. This time, he vows, the Gnolls shall be vanquished once and for all. This bold demand, wrapped in an appeal to honor, has caused quite a stir amongst the inner circle of the Jaddari Legion. Some argue that it would be foolish to expend precious troops in a fight not our own. Our faith is young and we need all the men we can spare to protect it and its adherents from those beyond our new borders who are eager to see us fall. Their proponents have made it clear that as long as the Maqeti cling to their old ways and do not acknowledge the revelations Jaddar received from Surael Himself as truth, they cannot be considered true brothers in faith. Thus, they have no claim on our support for their holy war of reconquest unless they convert. Their opponents point out the possible value of a grateful ally, sworn to the Way of Jaddar, guarding our southern flank. The rapacious and cruel daughters of Maxota have proven themselves to be unreliable neighbors at best, sending our emissaries away with the brusque reply that there is no god but wealth, and the only good is profit. Certainly, supporters of the Maqeti cause argue, it behooves the Herald of Surael to stand with fellow children of Surael against vile slavers, as long as they have accepted his teachings.
